One of the finest ways that this is captured is the poetic and ballet-esque motion of the battle sequences.
There were hints of Braveheart-esque traits but sadly this film, while excellent in its own right, falls short.
Unfortunately it doesn't seem to shake off the problems that have often been an issue in Smallville.  Some soap opera-esque drama, poor cgi, and anticlimactic conclusions to story arcs.
I sat down to be entertained by a light Spielberg-esque film and ended up flabbergasted at how much her performance affected me.
<p>Despite all these flaws, I really enjoyed this movie. The story is fascinating and moving, and The Sixth Sense-esque approach to depict Nash's schizophrenia from his point of view worked very well.
Why is that? First off, the previews made it seem like a Naked Gun-esque spoof, of which I am a big fan of those types of movies.
Richard Robbins Glass-esque score was fresh and hypnotic, transporting us into the lush greenery and richly cloistered environment of the old house.
One star. As a campy b-movie: Three stars. It's almost like a euro art movie, even Fellini-esque, except I don't think that was the intent.
 My favorite happens to be Thandie Newton's portrayal of Condi Rice as a subservient, wrist-wringing, Eegore-esque minion that offered up affirmation to her master's ideas by repeating only the last word of his sentences.
 In lots of ways, the basic plot is pretty Giallo-esque.
the protagonists are regular people, every character matters, the killer's motivation is very giallo-esque (can't be completely specific w/o giving too much away) most everything proves to be connected, and the mandatory twist ending is more of a ludicrous sick joke than a grand revelation.
the really deranged puppet the killer has popping up at crucial moments, and the Samurai-esque costume he wears when on the attack.
i can say various things about why i love this movie, but most importantly i think is the hitchcock-esque atmoshpere and the dark alien underworld alongside the innocent down to earth relationship between kyle's and laura's characters play a lot on how a person will view the film.
These movies are dripping with sexism, machismo and bond-esque energy, while being driven by the lovable Dean-o and a solid line up of supporting character actors, including the delicious Stella Stevens.
 Elisha Cuthbert is ethereal, with a Marilyn Monroe-esque appeal.
 The Ebonite make-up is freakish to say the least, the set's are almost Salvador Dali-esque in appearence, and the music is incredible.
<p>If you are looking for a sedative, "Glitter" is the film for you. If you're not, skip this Ishtar-esque flop and look for something else to watch.
Robbie Coltrane (Harry Potter And The...) is wonderfully low-key in his Watson-esque role as Depp's assistant.
This fact turned off a large number of viewers who were looking for another Spiderman-esque kid-friendly film.
But more importantly, his acting was tepid and his assumed accent was an abomination. It vacillated from Spanish-esque, French-esque, to Irish brogue, and sort of settled in the Irish range for the duration of the movie.
 If you expect something along the lines of Madonna or Sarah Brightman-esque authenticity in concerts, you may want to pass Britney up.
 Although not a highly original or edgy film, it does goes well beyond the barriers of a typical Disney-esque movie.
 Yes, they indulge their mutual fantasy and even foray into the world of one-on-one fantasy-esque sex, but is this enough for a relationship to be formed?
With its exquisite black-and-white shots of Monument Valley, assured acting, and Custer-esque storyline, "Apache" is an enduring Western winner.
In the film, "reality" is shown via shaky handheld digital Dogma-esque camerawork, but the "fantasy" sequences use a color palette that makes them appear even more real than the "real" scenes.
What can I say? It's BORING! I'm not a huge fan of Tom Hanks, especially with this mullet-esque hair (it's ok to hate me), but I love Iam McCellan and Jean Reno, but these great actors just couldn't save this movie.
 Well, with the exception of one Heather-esque villainness who provides no value to the story whatsoever.
 Fairly disturbing as well though (Requium For a Dream-esque.
 In "Spice World," the girls take on a world tour with Bond-esque style.
What fun! Scrap the past 40 years of music development and go straight back into the good old jazz/Chicago-esque style.
However the (psuedo) tragic ending was nothing short of a betrayel. It seemed just like a cheap quasi-Tarantino-esque mechanism.
Sleek cars, stuffy old men, and a Madonna-esque, high spirited girl are the ingredients of this 1980's comedy that has since reached cult status deservingly.
Paul W. S. Anderson (writer and director) chose the slow, horror-esque build up of the original 'Alien' over the action adventure feeling of 'Aliens'.
Kathleen Turner grabs you from the second she is on screen her Jane Mansfield-esque frame is sheathed in a white dress and her husky yet alluring voice and all out jaguar on the prowl apppeal has never been equalled by any actress in this genre since!
And how sad is it that my favorite part and character from the movie was Aro? Probably because he's a proper Rice-esque vampire.
Good Sam is a charming Capra-esque Christmas classic directed by Leo McCarey (The Bells of St.
This latest from international action star Jason Statham would appear to be just another Statham-esque movie.
Ben Affleck is at his Gigli-esque worst, displaying a grand total of two emotions as the genius-level intellectual willing to wipe the memory of his work after every assignment in exchange for a few extra dollar signs.
 The president (a Clinton-esque Bill Bullman) calls upon military services to fight these creatures.
 The apes inhabit a Flintstone-esque city and are divided into three different castes, the Orangutangs, who are the politicans and keepers of the faith, and seemingly the caste in absolute control, the Gorillas, whoa re the workers and the soldiers, and who seem to occupy the lowest position, and the Chimpanzees, who are the scientists and intellectuals.
The standout of King's Four Past Midnight was the Twilight Zone-esque, The Langoliers, a very good entry into the time-twister category in an otherwise uneven collection of four King novellas.
DOWN ARGENTINE WAY is a fun movie, plain and simple. It's a lighthearted Romeo and Juliet-esque story with a not so tragic ending.
The music was good, I loved Gustave's singing parts, and the showgirl-esque tunes from Meg were interesting.
Five hot teen girls in a Hard Days Night-esque sort of movie, but with way more controversial, under age sexuality.
The film follows Rayne as she escapes her gypsy-esque captors and becomes integrated into the Brimstone Society, which seeks to bring down the ambitious Kagan.
The trio winds up in a Bohemian, free-spirited Manhattan, bonding with Joplin-esque singer, Sadie (Dana Fuchs), Hendrix-inspired rocker, JoJo (Martin Luther McCoy), and sensitive lesbian, Prudence (T.
 Some of the harmonies were nice, and I enjoyed the rocking versions by the Janis-Joplin-esque Sadie.
Robert, a shaman,  (played and sung by Bono, who - with an American accent, channels Ringo and is even Dylan-esque in his cultural references) who sings I Am the Walrus.
Did I just drool? It did feel a bit Terminator-esque at points, but thankfully, it managed to get past that, and turn into an actually alright movie.
The film follows Rayne as she escapes her gypsy-esque captors and becomes integrated into the Brimstone Society, which seeks to bring down the ambitious Kagan.
His near silent performance steals every scene in a Chaplin / Keaton-esque way.
The trio winds up in a Bohemian, free-spirited Manhattan, bonding with Joplin-esque singer, Sadie (Dana Fuchs), Hendrix-inspired rocker, JoJo (Martin Luther McCoy), and sensitive lesbian, Prudence (T.
 Some of the harmonies were nice, and I enjoyed the rocking versions by the Janis-Joplin-esque Sadie.
Robert, a shaman,  (played and sung by Bono, who - with an American accent, channels Ringo and is even Dylan-esque in his cultural references) who sings I Am the Walrus.
I am delighted to have new MST3K-esque material, but with so many wretched movies out there begging for commentary tracks, I would have preferred to watch something (anything) other than this.
Beauteous MILF-esque Junko Mabuki does a great job as 'Nami' the 'mystery woman' and she is not afraid to let the 'river flow' when required.
(Hey, it may just be the best film Tor ever appeared in.)<p>The somewhat Woolrich-esque plot has to do with a carefree detective teaming up with a pretty Bette Davis looking newspaper reporter to scope out the whereabouts of a wanted criminal called The Judge.
WE KNOW BUSH SUCKS!!!!<br /><br />3. All the little voices. I'm so tired of Margaret Cho's queeny-drag-queen-esque gay-male impersonations.
Wimmer draws not only on his own Equilibrium, but also on vampire movies and basically any generic sci-fi-esque thriller, and combines them all together with Milla Jovovich, who does a decent job at selling her character and looks pretty darned good too.
 At least we have this sordid little flick as a kind of document of that long lost Mappelthorpe-esque era.
Unlike the so-so comic book-esque TOMBSTONE, WYATT EARP tells the real story and takes its time doing so.
 This duo evidently wanted to capture a somber Louis L'Amour-esque look on-screen (the costuming is a dead giveaway), as their tragic interpretation of Earp's life story often resembles an Old West version of "The Godfather," replacing mobsters with frontier cops.
 Returning to Missouri to study law under his grandfather (Giorgio E. Tripoli), a judge, he revives a Dante-esque romance with Urilla Sutherland (Annabeth Gish), marries her, loses her to typhoid within a year, and goes on a nine-month drunk that ends when he steals a horse and is bailed out by his father.
If Walt was willing to die, a more Eastwood-esque ending of going in guns blazing would have made a LOT more sense.
Oh, boy, was this movie offensive.<br /><br />I'm not even talking about the rampant Archie Bunker-esque racist remarks coming from the mouth of angry old Mr.
 Only Clint Eastwood can deliver the lines he does in this movie and make them work.  They're so Clint Eastwood-esque.
I would say I am an intermediate+. Do not judge a DVD by it's cover was my lesson (I thought the cover looked giaim-esque).
Instead of adding to tension, these cuts into odd confessionals, jittery music video-esque blurbs, and photo negative images remove the viewer from the urgency of the scene, and make them too aware that they're watching movie.
Those of you who don't get the whole Python-esque humor won't appreciate this either.
The conclusion seems almost sit-com-esque in a sudden reconciliation of several relationships, which seems a disservice to the characters.
Nothing Hollywood-esque about this film.
There are several memorable scenes-- the "surprise" birthday party, Salt's wacky nightmare (very Fellini-esque), and the final bedside irony, along with a nicely deceptive opening that sets the stage for what follows.
Bean-esque" non-dialogue (en francais plutot), and the general lack of plot.
(see the recurring theme here?)<p>The filmmakers seem to be shooting for some kind of Coen-esque story line, but what one gets is a confused mish-mash of scenes that never really come together, yet nevertheless culminate in a Hollywood ending that tells us "Since he's found love, all the neuroses, denial and depression he's spent a lifetime accumulating will now magically go away".
The setting of the film takes place in a Bukowski-esque world made up of call girls, gambling, horses, and all the anarchy one would expect.
 Idris Elba is always welcome as far as I'm concerned.  Yes, the tone of this movie is much darker - less Disney-esque - and a tiny bit gruesome, but that is Ghost Rider!
 After a brilliant, Mignola-esque animated sequence zipping us through Johnny Blaze's deal with the devil that transformed him into the Ghost Rider, we learn he's been hiding out from civilization out in eastern Europe.
 Idris Elba is always welcome as far as I'm concerned.  Yes, the tone of this movie is much darker - less Disney-esque - and a tiny bit gruesome, but that is Ghost Rider!
 After a brilliant, Mignola-esque animated sequence zipping us through Johnny Blaze's deal with the devil that transformed him into the Ghost Rider, we learn he's been hiding out from civilization out in eastern Europe.
still maintain some basic traits which are representative of their species, they also operate as fable-esque types who satirize many human traits.
Paul W. S. Anderson (writer and director) chose the slow, horror-esque build up of the original 'Alien' over the action adventure feeling of 'Aliens'.
The only person who comes close to being a funny "Farrelly Brothers-esque" type character is Lenny, the Michael Jordan of the Special Olympics.
It's a fun <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0013J55B6">Hancock</a>-esque take on primetime soap operas like <a href="http://www.
 To end on such a Pearl Harbor-esque romantic turn was a huge disappointment to me.
 Hitchkock-esque.
 Barrymore plays Ivy, a girl from the wrong side of that tracks who has Lolita-esque ways of getting what she wants.
With breathtaking animation as only Pixar can provide, nonstop comedy, James Bond-esque chase sequences, and wildly caricatured characters, Ratatouille is easily one of the best films of the summer.
A Disney-esque fable about a self-taught rat who becomes a great chef by pulling the hair on a dopey kid who happens to be the illegitimate offspring of another great chef.
Sandler doesn't feel miscast, in fact he's quite good, despite some Sandler-esque bits (his dialogue during a rather strange love scene is very reminiscent of his other stuff) but I think his presence suggests this is going to be a low-brow humor geared to frat boys.
Apart from being another &quot;Scream&quot;-esque potboiler, one gory death scene (which is the only gory scene) seems to borrow from Italian horror masters like Lucio Fulci and Dario Argento.
Smallville always has great comic book-esque storylines, but lacks development and internal logic within its own world.
Liked the the mood, the eeriness and the effects. It was a little Shining-esque but then Steven King did write it.
Completely absurd, predictable in its weaving of obvious PETA-esque messages, but it does deliver the gore and has an acceptable story line.
I think I laughed about that for several days. The Lenny Bruce-esque trial of Mellish is the best sent up of a courtroom ever.
Cinematically, it's done in kind of a Sofia Coppola-esque way.
Brazil belongs to a tradition that include both the Kafka-esque & the Monty Python-esque.
The simple but solid plot twists carries the story to a very Jurai-esque climax and bittersweet resolution.
 The apes inhabit a Flintstone-esque city and are divided into three different castes, the Orangutangs, who are the politicans and keepers of the faith, and seemingly the caste in absolute control, the Gorillas, whoa re the workers and the soldiers, and who seem to occupy the lowest position, and the Chimpanzees, who are the scientists and intellectuals.
 This movie is very documentary-esque in the sense that it looks like its shot on film taped together from single frames, early neo-realism style.
But whatever. But he's so [stupid] that he can't do it himself, so this Fabio-esque man has to come to his rescue.
Die hard alien enthusiast impaled themselves on Giger-esque protrusions the second this movie came out.
The movie turns into a whodunnit of sorts, but without resorting to "Scream"-esque cliches.
There's Casey (Elijah Wood), the Steven King-esque nerd, Delilah (Jordana Brewster) the cheerleader/newspaper editor, Stan (Shawn Hatosy) the jock who wants to focus on his grades, Stokely (Clea DuVall) the goth, possibly a lesbian and the fountain of all knowledge on science fiction, Mary Beth (Laura Harris) the new girl from Atlanta, and Zeke (Josh Hartnett) the bad-boy who's the school's local drug dealer.
There is the Versace-esque Italian designer (Paul Sirvino) who must face health and family crises.
I especially loved the ending, it was original.<p>There is a Tenchi-esque feel to this series, so if you like Tenchi, you'll love this.
and of course the organism would turn out to be humanoid . . . At this point there's potential for a great Frankenstein-esque tale .
 Tim Robbins (playing a Bill Gates-esque character) spins a web as the BLACK WIDOW of silicon valley to entice, manipulate and force Ryan Phillipe's character to create the greatest communications network in the world.
Didn't really make much sense to stupid me. <p>Don't go into this expecting a great, Armageddon-esque film.
With breathtaking animation as only Pixar can provide, nonstop comedy, James Bond-esque chase sequences, and wildly caricatured characters, Ratatouille is easily one of the best films of the summer.
A Disney-esque fable about a self-taught rat who becomes a great chef by pulling the hair on a dopey kid who happens to be the illegitimate offspring of another great chef.
 He has fantasies about being a rock star and, wouldn't you know it, grows up to be a Hitler-esque dictator.
There was at least one scene that the camera zoomed in on her face. She has a Demi-esque appearance.
The documentary-esque realism is very much alive in this film and I have to say that Liman is an excellent director.
 Don't listen to all the Lohan haters, and enjoy this one for what it is -- an enjoyably trashy, giallo-esque camp classic.
Truth be told, it  wasn't all that great, but it was nice to see Lindsay Lohan in something besides a Disney-esque type of movie, or some type of teen comedy.
 Both are superfluous, however, as the real attraction is the EPK-esque "Making of" featurette entitled "Meet The Savages.
 The M. Night Shyamalan-esque twist reveals that Marie and the killer are one and the same.
 But after watching these from a much more aged perspective, I think I'd have to vote for Mokey, the serene hippy-esque matron of the clique.
Disney's quality of films have been diminishing greatly, ever since they lost there &quot;Musical-esque&quot; style after THe Hunchback of Notredame.
As Reggie, Shavar Ross also adds a welcome spot of cultural diversity to the cast, although his character's Prince-esque brother Demon (Miguel A.
A second rate villian turns out to be a first rate adoptive father even though he<br />lives in an "Addams-esque" home filled with bombs, rocket and Minons that look like<br />snack food.
if you are looking for a Dirty Harry-esque cool fest from eastwood, you will be dissappointed.
...to be oh-so-hip, so Tarantino-esque.
There was at least one scene that the camera zoomed in on her face. She has a Demi-esque appearance.
 Other Amazon reviewers have compared this film to "The Tree of Life" -- But frankly, TOL was a Disney-esque experience compared to "Melancholia".
It is the beginning of the more internalised works by Cronenberg, though there are still some horror elements (the Giger-esque instruments for operating on mutant women and the dream sequence).
Literacy Midget is their best skit, relying on Simpsons-esque irony to generate laughter.
Some of the scenes where they are driving down to Mexico are very Hunter S. Thompson-esque.
 Some of Woods and Belushi's banter is Jerry Seinfeld and Larry David-esque.
If you are looking for Simpsons-esque punchlines or the predictable situations of Seinfeld, look elsewhere.
 Don't fool yourselves into thinking that anything Carpenter-esque is in this film.
The 2nd nightclub scene and the Bond-esque gadget scene brought a smile to me :)<p>- There are 2 commentaries, and I've only seen the one with Snipes and Del Toro, and it proved forgettable.
 It's the tale of ALFs crashing to earth, evil poachers, an ET-esque relationship, an awful pop group weekending in the woods.
 However, the films greatest strength is its style.  From the great special effects, seamless CGI enhancements, Elfman-esque soundtrack, distinct cinematography, and consistent bombardment of Halloween imagery to tie it all together, Dougherty has crafted a nearly perfect movie destined for cult-classic status.
 Then the music washed in and the frame expanded to a very Widescreen John Carpenter-esque Panavision shot with flickering jack o' lanterns in the corner and a Little Red Riding Hood walking through some moonlit woods.
 Minelli can sing her ass off, there's no disputing that,  and her diva-esque Sally is an interesting interpretation.
Jonathan Glazer's Sexy Beast. (The only other exceptions would be Gangster No.1 and Guy Ritchie's own highly Lock Stock-esque Snatch).
 But even for Scorsese, a comedy entails a word processor's date with a nice girl turning into an infinitely Kafka-esque nightmare where one bad episode follows another.
It was not uncommon for the characters to do wild Bob Clampett-esque takes when they ran into ghosts and monsters, Fred was constantly blaming a character appropriately called "Red Herring" for each and every crime on the show (true to his name, Red was always innocent, except for the one episode in which Fred didn't blame him) and shots of the characters (and even the ghosts and monsters) dancing were inserted into the obligatory rock-music-scored chase sequences.
Howard.<p> Even the more obscure Conan-esque fantasy films of the '80s (The Beastmaster, The Sword and the Sorcerer) offered more, even given their lower budgets and dated techniques.
 A military/mercenary (blackwater-esque) presence puts the town in quarantine.
After how good Dawn of the Dead was, I was looking forward to another remake of a George Romero zombie, or zombie-esque film.
A year after the couragous mutant team known as the X-Men, there has been a terrorist mutant attack made by Devil-esque mutant named Nightcrawler (Alan Cumming) in the White House.
With 8 1/2, he embraced a much more fanciful surrealistic style, later to be dubbed &quot;Fellini-esque&quot;.
Dan Dark, writer of noir, Raymond Chandler-esque Detective fiction is suffering from a severe skin condition that has made him virtually a prisoner in his own body.
Those looking for a Guinea Pig-esque experience will no doubt be grandly disappointed by all this.
Maybe. This film has PLENTY of each depicted in explicit, oozing, Burroughs-esque detail.
THE NUMBER 23 is Jim Carrey's first venture out of the realm of wacky, Kramer-esque physical comedy and into serious acting.
As expected, some of Carrey's situations are a bit over the top, and Schumacher tries to create a graphic novel-esque presentation during Sparrow's alter-ego episodes.
 Bruce Willis is wonderful as the Rambo-esque superguy who outwits, outplays, and outlasts the heavily-armed killers, and reveals just enough of his tender side to endear his character to the audience.
 They must rise to the supreme challenge after the reigning superhero, a corporate-sponsored, Ken Doll-esque Greg Kinnear, gets vaporized by one of the good guys.
I digress....the actual movies are awesome. buy them if you like action, and suspense and james bond-esque themed movies.
 Its just too put on, too preschool teacher-esque.
Every fight scene and car chase (yes, there is more than one car chase) is loaded with Michael Bay-esque hand-held hyper-cuts.
 They were under some tremdous pressure to do the film I understand.  When it comes to crude, John Waters-esque humor, I usually find it more amusing than I do funny.
Maurice Jarre's score, which weaves Hindu music with Cole Porter-esque rhythm, never overpowers the dialogue or sound effects.
 And for someone expecting to see a new Final Fantasy-esque storyline on the silver screen, my expectations were not met.
<p>I guess 'Harold and Maude' plays on '60s-esque themes of turning maverick, challenging societal moulds, denouncing materialism.
 The comical line "Lois Lane?" that he sputters while brushing his teeth (it had a certain Scooby-esque quality) and the even more comical physical acting he does a little later where he keeps prompting Lois to say a certain name so he can unleash the hounds at her.
 The comical line "Lois Lane?" that he sputters while brushing his teeth (it had a certain Scooby-esque quality) and the even more comical physical acting he does a little later where he keeps prompting Lois to say a certain name so he can unleash the hounds at her.
The amazon review for this film says "that is boring to describe a movie as tarantino-esque, but that this film fits the shoe".
A Guy Ritchie esque plot with confusing changing alliances in the gangster world. And Tarantino-esque dialogue.
Albeit James Bond-esque, this movie hinges upon everyone fulfilling their role flawlessly and not one of their high-tech gadgets ever failing.
It took me several weeks to watch the entire "Anywhere But Home" DVD".  The MTV-esque editing is obviously loathed by everyone over the age of 16.
And then there's the Whitney Houston Meets Pat Benatar Power Ballad "Sacrificial Lamb" and the Pat Benatar-esque "Just Like That" (which Billboard Magazine in it's (glowing) review called the CD's Secret Weapon).
As a kid in the 1960's, I watched the Speed Racer cartoon a lot. It was an odd show, with a kerchief'd Pollyanna-esque main character navigating his way through hyper-exaggerated explosions and fist-fights with the Mob.
 Which is not to say IN THE LEAST that this is a silly or kid-only film.  Despite the mega-doses of Matrix-esque flash and dash, this is a great family film that has some serious heart to it, and which I feel was horribly maligned by the critics and movie-goers who weren't ready for what they were going to see and either couldn't or wouldn't go with the flow.
 They were under some tremdous pressure to do the film I understand.  When it comes to crude, John Waters-esque humor, I usually find it more amusing than I do funny.
 <p>It's a great ride, too, with very Matrix-esque action sequences that pull you along at great speed, catapulting you into this "underground" world.
Do not be led astray by the excellently edited theatrical preview for this film, it is neither a successful Matrix-esque actioner nor a star-crossed romance pic.
That said, I still enjoyed the R&J-esque story, and how it combined the already connected lores.
After my second viewing of this film I figured I'd get around to writing a review. In an our-world noir-esque film, vampires and werewolves are in an age old war to defeat one or the another.
So far so good--you weren't expecting Bergman-esque psychological depth, were you?
 Whoa!  Then there's some Matrix-esque stuff that doesn't resemble the Matrix.
He has participated in other documentaries about the period that are a bit more humorous and Python-esque, such as the delightful series, Medieval Lives.
 Elisha Cuthbert is ethereal, with a Marilyn Monroe-esque appeal.
There are some very interesting Burton-esque alterations that update the elements of Alice's journey quite nicely.
Lady in the Water is easily an old school Steven Spielberg-esque film.
Although it has a splash of Matrix-sequel-style obtuseness and Terry Gilliam-esque oddness, Lady in the Water is a pretty original animal as far as films are concerned.
Paul W. S. Anderson (writer and director) chose the slow, horror-esque build up of the original 'Alien' over the action adventure feeling of 'Aliens'.
Ashley Judd was WAY too Hollywood-esque (is that a word?
The scenery in this movie pops to perfection in each of its different striking art styles. Be it classic and drawn-esque, or state of the art CGI, this movie is simply a beautiful sight to behold.
Well, it depends what you want.  If that is another cute fantasy film with Disney-esque animals and wise-cracking, snogging, contemporary teenagers ("Sorted!
 For his fifth film, "There Will Be Blood," Anderson has set aside his trademark Altman-esque lushness for a style which recalls Francis Ford Coppola in his prime.
Though it has a more Kubrick-esque approach, the director, P.
Kathleen Turner grabs you from the second she is on screen her Jane Mansfield-esque frame is sheathed in a white dress and her husky yet alluring voice and all out jaguar on the prowl apppeal has never been equalled by any actress in this genre since!
Yet, somehow what I once thought impossible, without going cheesy, B-movie-esque with the whole production, was brought to an entertaining reality.
 Large-scale indoctrination is accomplished through the visualized, Apple commerical-esque, Big Brother screens of 1984 (used later in V for Vendetta).
<p>Taking a page from 1984 the Tetragrammaton is a Big Brother-esque government, though they seem to rely more on human surveilance than on electronic spying, which suppresses art, culture, and entertainment as they engender to many emotional upwellings.
There are also constant 1984-esque propoganda broadcasts, and the "sense offense" concept of the movie is pretty much the same thing as the "thought crime" of 1984.
Yet, somehow what I once thought impossible, without going cheesy, B-movie-esque with the whole production, was brought to an entertaining reality.
Yet, somehow what I once thought impossible, without going cheesy, B-movie-esque with the whole production, was brought to an entertaining reality.
Jimbob" in these pages) that this is a modern Kurosawa-esque film.
 The same types of fade outs are used and the ending was shocking but in a sixth sense -esque way.
The documentary-esque realism is very much alive in this film and I have to say that Liman is an excellent director.
 It is almost Leone-esque in its gradually escalating tension and, though Owen is a blank he's a blank for a very particular reason.
While one might expect a Shatner-esque, over-the-top performance from Carrey, to which we've become accustomed in his comedic work, we are instead given a performance that is both subtle and remarkably powerful.
What do our memories look like if shown as a movie? Dali-esque, if Gondry is to be believed, complete with melting faces.
With periodic soft-focus, slo-mo sequences-- like sticky stale syrup on cardboard-fiber pancakes. GAK! John Mayer-esque songs and awkward scoring.
With periodic soft-focus, slo-mo sequences-- like sticky stale syrup on cardboard-fiber pancakes. GAK! John Mayer-esque songs and awkward scoring.
I have to admit that I liked the epcot-esque city in which this story is based.
 Nair could have pulled a Gandhi-esque moment for us by countering the horrible acting with beautiful images of India.
 We witness the ending of playwright Barton Fink's (John Turturro in a somewhat Eraserhead-esque coif) latest creation, an allegedly social-realist drama about working-class Jews on the lower east side of Manhattan.
The board room scenes were inexplicably mafia-esque - dark rooms, heavy Italian accents, vague metaphoric threats and even a tiny old man who acted like some kind of mafia don, only talking in a whisper or with a threatening nod.
While far from profound, the film's acceptable Odyssy-esque story takes second chair to a wacked-out, 100% convincing vision of the future and the community of characters who inhabit the portions of it that the film concerns itself with, some of which was quite memorable;<p>A pirate thug named "Scummy", square zero-g pigs, a bar/diner set in a revolving hub ala 2001 to simulate gravity, self-defense mechanisms with apparent senses of humor, and an uproarious, innappropriately hilarious death machine monster that is right out of Red Dwarf.
Igby Goes Down is a miserable, Catcher in the Rye-esque piece of crap.
Fairbanks does not have the expressive picture-esque quality of Keaton or Lloyd.
Brief synopsis: This latest product of Trey Parker and Matt Stone's twisted imaginations involves Thunderbirds-esque puppetry; the current state of global affairs summarized in lots and lots of collateral damage courtesy of the titular team ("f--k yeah!
Production designer Jim Dultz had to recreate a believable Bruckheimer-esque world.
Brief synopsis: This latest product of Trey Parker and Matt Stone's twisted imaginations involves Thunderbirds-esque puppetry; the current state of global affairs summarized in lots and lots of collateral damage courtesy of the titular team ("f--k yeah!
Production designer Jim Dultz had to recreate a believable Bruckheimer-esque world.
 It can be at times over-acted and soap-opera-esque.
 Its about the scenery, the cool acting, the cool action, etc.  Its not that the movie has any David Lynch-esque surreal plots, its just that once you understand what is going on (and the plot twists are a big part of the movie), you'll likely say a very noncomittal, "oh.
 At first I thought - Oh... another Disney-esque Soprano/Belt voice - but then ALL of them sounded like that.
 If you like Love Stories, then buy this movie.  Crouching Tiger has it all. Drama, matrix-esque fight scenes.
 If you are looking for a slapstick Jackie Chan-esque martial arts fun-fest in the vein of Drunken Master, this IS NOT your movie.
It's the Giger-esque imagery that haunts the brain most here, and Scott's various tributes and nods to his filmic past make Prometheus a many-layered visual and mental splendor for cinephiles with patience, open minds and hungry eyes.
Universe-esque alien.
I thought it blended excellent elements of horror, suspense and amazing special effects into an incredible HR Giger-esque vision.
The decor and external design of the ship Prometheus looks suspiciously Nostromo-esque, David plays an almost identical role to Ash (and eventually meets a very similar end) and the film explores the same rape and childbirth-horror themes as did the original film.
And those writers? Oh geeze. Deus ex machina's ALL OVER the damn place. I especially love the Lucas-esque past, which is MORE advanced then the future?
 The color of the sky doesn't look different, but feels different.  The biggest alteration, though, is that a Hitler-esque dictator who lost the Presidential election the day before now has won and the new regime has already begun taking control.
Strangelove-esque.
 Although not a highly original or edgy film, it does goes well beyond the barriers of a typical Disney-esque movie.
 Well, there is a bit of inspired casting with Leslie Nielsen as a G.W. Bush-esque president and I always like to see people make fun of "The Village", but ultimately it is pretty much like a Mad Magazine article.
 She's delightful!<br />The film is obviously a throwback to the James Bond movies from its John Barry-esque score, including Shirley "Goldfinger" Bassey's signature vocals to the inclusion of techno-gadgets and former Bond Roger Moore' chief.
I would slot it genre wise in there with other awkward comedies in the realm of Superbad or even Wes Anderson-esque!
Its dialogue is fast and quick, kind of "Juno"-esque.
 (*That's not a typo; it stood for Y.outh I.nternational P.arty.)<br /><br />In the meantime, a Peggy Noonan-esque reporter, Janine Bach (Meryl Streep), is interviewing G.
The message of "just be yourself and magical things will happen" seems rather childish and Disney-esque.
 These lesser Italian westerns have a thing with anachronistic music.  Remember Django's Tom Jones-esque theme?
 To my delight, it was very thrilling and Hitchcock-esque in nature.
I didn't even need a story- I'd watch hours of the luscious Dali-esque landscapes, flowing ethereal fabric, and twisted Kevorkian-esque creations that make up this film.
Wrong!<p>Moreover, while the imagery in the film is visually stunning and, oftentimes, quite beautiful, almost Dali-esque in its conception and execution, it cannot carry and sustain the film, when the plot and story line thin out.
I didn't even need a story- I'd watch hours of the luscious Dali-esque landscapes, flowing ethereal fabric, and twisted Kevorkian-esque creations that make up this film.
Wrong!<p>Moreover, while the imagery in the film is visually stunning and, oftentimes, quite beautiful, almost Dali-esque in its conception and execution, it cannot carry and sustain the film, when the plot and story line thin out.
He also has an intentional cameo later on in the movie. His brief performance isn't exactly Hitchcockian or Tarantino-esque, but I think he makes out okay.
wierd movie.<br /><br />yuki-onna-esque.
 Film  and TV legend Henry Winkler added a lot of gusto to the film in the  supporting role of Alfred's Emeril-esque dad as well.
 Film  and TV legend Henry Winkler added a lot of gusto to the film in the  supporting role of Alfred's Emeril-esque dad as well.
(Very Neo-esque) Whoa.
I guess I rented it just out of curiosity to see how it compared to all the other Woody Allen-esque excuses for borderline jailbait romances I assumed it would be just based on the cover.
Christopher Walken has a great time doing a parody of himself throughout the movie. He's hilarious as he does his Walken-esque soliloquies for everyone except the people that might actually have gotten a clue from his ramblings and figured out that this backwoods bad guy has more than one screw loose.
As for Pierce Brosnan, well this is #3 for him so he's still as suave and Bond-esque with the action hero coming into play whenever he needs to.
Connery-esque!
 but there it is.  Probably didn't help that the host wasn't funny.  The hollywood-esque squirrelly jewish-type guy is so heavily over done since the penus in the pie movies.
Don't let the mild mannered Beatles' album-esque cover of this movie fool you.
it's all brilliantly presented. I particulary like James Bond-esque  theme of the movie.
it's all brilliantly presented. I particulary like James Bond-esque  theme of the movie.
 They're perhaps a little too enamored of Philip Madoc's Shatner-esque turn as this story's Dr.
He's, what, 43 years old? And he's playing an Evel Knievel-esque, motocyclying hotshot who jumps everything from cars to spinning helicopter blades?
(And reveals the terrors of "detrimental robots" which rob a person of blood). In the CGI-esque realm, he finds a beautiful, nude woman chained in a cave.
 Yet Marilyn does not want to be worshiped, only loved and respected, and both seem beyond her reach.  Her Lindsay Lohan-esque antics aggravate her colleagues, and her new husband-- playwright Arthur Miller-- condescends to her and secretly wishes he had never married Marilyn.
Some seem to find this grating, but I'm a major fan of this technique. Slow motion lends a battle that classic Peckinpah-esque gritty brutality, and it's used to spectacular effect in "Watchmen".
Manhattan (Billy Crudup) who is a god-like Superman-esque blue skinned being with unique powers, sexy Silk Spectre (Malin Akerman) and very smart and brilliant crimefighter NightOwl (Patrick Wilson) all join together to try to solve the mystery of the Comedian's death.
Manhattan is the god-like power; Rorschach is the Batman-esque thirst to avenge crime; Night Owl II is a bored rich kid; Silk Spectre II is obliged, etc.
The few moments that were supposed to be funny, weren't. A Jerry Springer-esque talk show moment made it that much worse.
Manhattan (Billy Crudup) who is a Superman-esque immortal god of powers, blank masked avenger Roschach (Jackie Earl Haley), sexy buttkicker Silk Spectre (Malin Akerman) and intelligent Batman-esque Nightowl (Patrick Wilson) are together trying to untangle the mystery of who killed Comedian.
 It doesn't matter much these days what the topic surrounds, as long as there are long picture-esque images of Americana (or some other country), coupled with a tender moment, a blasting score, and sympathy towards anything - than the epic will reign supreme.
Meryl Streep was excellent in her portrayal of the Anna Wintour-esque Mirande Priestley, but that alone doesn't make this film worth watching.
 Meryl Streep, of course, wins hands down as Cruella DeVille-esque Miranda as she obviously enjoys torturing those in the lower chain of command, yet she also shows a vulnerable side that makes you both respect and sympathize with her.
The Ant Bully (John A. Davis, 2006)<br /><br />Davis (Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius) returns with this Pixar-esque kids' flick that is, in reality, not for kids.
Either way, you'll either be severely depressed or immensely amused by what transpires, from the Lifetime-esque opening credits to the painfully bad showdown in the end.
I think it works better this way. It's less GG Allin-esque.
 It almost reminded me of the Japanese series Lone Wolf & Cub, especially the showdown in the Kurosawa-esque oppressive, sheeting rain.
But that's so strange, isn't it,...Tom Hanks in a mobster-esque role,.
In the outdoors of England, Scottish archeologist Angus Mcflint (Peter Capaldi) has discovered an ancient dinosaur-esque skull in his backyard with a symbol in the ground.
By the end of the day...so much 80's-esque zany comedic situation has occurred you won't believe it.
 The first story is about a cigar store wooden Indian that comes to life for some Charles Bronson-esque revenge when some hoodlums rob the general store and kill the owner, played by George Kennedy("Be sure.
Throw in a disgruntled Jabba-esque Scotsman who knows just the wrong things to say, and a few especially nasty gross-out moments (Austin drinking an ersatz cup o&#8217; joe, and the infamous tent scene), and you have a little something for everybody!
 It's the tale of ALFs crashing to earth, evil poachers, an ET-esque relationship, an awful pop group weekending in the woods.
Good Fun, but dont come looking for a Tao-Bo-esque workout.
 In fact there were times when Max was delivering what was evidently supposed to be a Woody Allen-esque riff, but the results were so flat and uninspired that I honestly started to wonder if the scene was intended as comedy at all.
The evil, zombie-esque monarch has plans to use the pig's abilities to locate the Black Cauldron, a demonic, enchanted cauldron with the power to create an army of undead and unstoppable warriors.
 The songs are cute and Disney-esque, and Alice's adventures inspire all of the many imaginative people out in the world.
He really stole the show with his quiet, devious, loner-esque character with the choir-boy face.
The girl grows up to be a stripper, played blandly by a Lolita-esque Jessica Alba.
The characters ramble on in moments of deep thought, revealing what makes them tick. It's filled to the brim with Arnold-esque one-liners.
There's also a lot of Tarantino-esque recursion in the plot line (not to mention that the character of Miho is straight out the Crazy-88 in _Kill Bill_, and so are her weapons), reminiscent of _Pulp Fiction_: The beginning isn't necessarily the beginning, nor is the end the end.
The "special-effects" graphics and video manipulation delivering cartoon-esque visual cinema has been done ad nauseum--"Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid", "Roger Rabbitt", "Forrest Gump", "Gladiator", are all better examples of like talents used to better results.
The girl grows up to be a stripper, played blandly by a Lolita-esque Jessica Alba.
 Ed Norton's character, Smoochy, portrays a Barney-esque, over-the-top-nice children's television star.
Leonard-esque start, mystery ending.
But it takes a tripper after some drug use for him to reconsider. Reluctantly (VERY reluctantly, almost a la C.S. Lewis-esque) accepting Jesus, he decides to use a useful skill of his (construction) to build a new area for orphans.
Behind Dawn O'Keefe's house, two Simpsons-esque power plant stacks rise, gushing out feathered, cotton candy smoke.
Each of them represents a philosophy. Vernita Green is the repentant killer; O-Ren is the megalomaniacal, Caligula-esque nihilist; Budd is a fatalistic, quiet nihilist; Elle is ambitious, cruel and spiteful.
Fun and Tarantino-esque, but wait for the special ed.
Every fight scene and car chase (yes, there is more than one car chase) is loaded with Michael Bay-esque hand-held hyper-cuts.
 Ending the Cold War and nuclear arms is an important message  -- too bad the campy sixties-style Batman-esque flick doesn't carry it well.
Pepper and Green play their Reservoir-Dogs-esque roles capably, though as the film progresses the roles themselves get more ludicrous.
 He turned Jason into a zombie-esque figure that was more comical than menacing.
Diddy himself manages to do more than stare blankly with mouth agape.  The Raymond Carver-esque story intertwines a series of tragedies stemming from an execution, all of which could become camp if it weren't for the capable approach of director Marc Forster.
Diddy himself manages to do more than stare blankly with mouth agape.  The Raymond Carver-esque story intertwines a series of tragedies stemming from an execution, all of which could become camp if it weren't for the capable approach of director Marc Forster.
Instead, Motown hits of the 60s are redone to be more Gospel-esque.
 Westerns are supposed to be either John Wayne-esque fantasies or gritty realistic dramas.
Look, I even get the fact the Shayamalan meant this to be a sort of "B-esque" movie.
 In one of the movie's more "Shyamalan-esque" moments, the explanation actually is anticipated very early in the film by a high school student in science class.
Look, I even get the fact the Shayamalan meant this to be a sort of "B-esque" movie.
 The songs are cute and Disney-esque, and Alice's adventures inspire all of the many imaginative people out in the world.
Simon Zealotes is a Rambo-esque character and comes complete with machine guns and bandoleers.
Why have a pair of Laurel & Hardy-esque style sheriffs in what is supposedly a film of uncompromising savagery?
 And how very close help was...  Little Craven-esque  quirks tended to pop up (such as a sudden shift from extreme violence to a  scene of almost slapstick humor) that will remind viewers of the Elm Street  and Scream series.
The way they setup the wife that kills everyone was not mysterious at all. The American audience was greeted by a Ring-esque setup where the faces of these characters are barely shown if at all for only a few quick seconds at a time; thus increasing the scare factor the way the sequences were filmed.
 These lesser Italian westerns have a thing with anachronistic music.  Remember Django's Tom Jones-esque theme?
Tim Curry gives a strong performance as the Satan-esque character.
Couldn't even stand to watch the thing.  The awful Disney-esque music had me ranting like a mad-woman!
There's a certain Fargo-esque quality, given the snowy Minnesota setting.
Gilda gets wilder to test the limits of this bodyguard and pushes him to the brink. She performs a Latin-esque song/dance number "Amado Mio" that spells out her feelings.
 While the script isn't full-tilt perfect, and yes, it is Canadian so the cinematagrophy is very TV-esque (haven't you ever watched any other Canadian films?
Let me just start out by saying how much I LOVE this show... Never did I think I would love a "musical-esque" TV Show!
 Pino Donaggio's Herrmann-esque music underscores the film's dramatic tension, while many Hitchcockian elements and references surface.
Blow Out is another of Brian De Palma's Hitchcockian-esque yarns, and it's definitely one of his best.
Smith with a Guy Fawkes mask.  John Hurt is also great, giving a Hitler-esque performance, from everything from his spitting when he talks to his strong bodily movements.
John Hurt plays the leader of the government, a Hitler-esque fascist, but he was largely one-dimensional.
John Hurt does a more than believable job as a Hitler-esque leader, angrily addressing England's people, scaring them into following blindly.
 V for Vendetta is a sci-fi-esque thriller with a connection to today's world.
 Needless to say, I loved this movie despite its numerous 80s-esque classic action movie flaws.
The plot while somewhat predictably martial arts-esque keeps you interested as you grow vested into the characters.
This latest from international action star Jason Statham would appear to be just another Statham-esque movie.
 ///// Dana: Hello, Peter. Peter Venkman: [whips around Melodramatically, and speaks in a soap opera-esque deep tone] Hello, Dana.
 But a dreadfully dull Tarzan-esque battle with the main villainess, unrealistic bullet dodging, and an anti-climactic airplane crash quickly rescind this action vehicle's license to thrill.
Hilarious stunts, ridiculous cheesy little Spielberg-esque asides (the drunk in the alley), horrible one-liners.
Here's your chance!) and closes with a Jackie Chan-esque highlight/blooper reel, neither of which are quite as entertaining as they ought to be but I appreciate the novelty.
 There was an attempt to build some "Da Vinci Code"-esque background, but it the mystery unravels before it begins.
However, his Peter  Jackson-esque sense of humor does not fit in though.
 It is utterly and completely lacking of the fairy tale-esque brightness he usually brings to his films.
 Well, there is a bit of inspired casting with Leslie Nielsen as a G.W. Bush-esque president and I always like to see people make fun of "The Village", but ultimately it is pretty much like a Mad Magazine article.
However, his Peter  Jackson-esque sense of humor does not fit in though.
 It is utterly and completely lacking of the fairy tale-esque brightness he usually brings to his films.
 Large-scale indoctrination is accomplished through the visualized, Apple commerical-esque, Big Brother screens of 1984 (used later in V for Vendetta).
<p>Taking a page from 1984 the Tetragrammaton is a Big Brother-esque government, though they seem to rely more on human surveilance than on electronic spying, which suppresses art, culture, and entertainment as they engender to many emotional upwellings.
There are also constant 1984-esque propoganda broadcasts, and the "sense offense" concept of the movie is pretty much the same thing as the "thought crime" of 1984.
 The apes inhabit a Flintstone-esque city and are divided into three different castes, the Orangutangs, who are the politicans and keepers of the faith, and seemingly the caste in absolute control, the Gorillas, whoa re the workers and the soldiers, and who seem to occupy the lowest position, and the Chimpanzees, who are the scientists and intellectuals.
Young plays all of Prairie Wind plus a generous sprinkling of his other country rock-esque cuts with Prairie's excellent band and other long-time partners.
Considering the Columbine type content, I'm surprised it hasn't been banned. It's an 80's shocker, kind of Fight Club-esque.
After Veronica begins to despise her supposed friends, she meets up with Jason Dean, played by the young "Jack Nicholson-esque" Christian Slater, whom helps to escalate this hatred for the Heathers (and some others.
...to be oh-so-hip, so Tarantino-esque.
The emphasis in this prequel-esque scope is on 'the journey' over 'the destination' from beginning to end.
Now there are some arcs adapted in prequel-esque manners ('Supergirl's Arrival' & a 'Kal-El's Return to Krypton' quickie in Season 7, pre-buried Doomsday in Season 8, various arcs like bottled city of Kandor & Justice Society's Fall in Season 9, with a couple more involving certain Fourth World characters in Season 10) while a decent deal of characters end up in desirable places by show's end.
The rest of the supporting cast are equally great, especially Billy Bob Thornton as the James Carville-esque consultant.
Everytime I hit the mute button, silence is bliss. There is also alot Angel-esque brooding from Dean, who seems utterly helpless to help his brother despite his protests otherwise.
 The comedy--again, very Buffy-esque--is amped up, including many laugh-out-loud moments.
The story line is simple - good vs. evil, so what really carries this movie are the Matrix-esque special effects and, more than anything, the martial arts.
 <p>Amazing effects, like Li's encounter with the motorcycle cops or his Matrix-esque dodging of bullets.
 I could care less about the silly flash-esque games, the documentaries, storyboards, family game night features, sing-a-long, crap.
Jimbob" in these pages) that this is a modern Kurosawa-esque film.
Pepper and Green play their Reservoir-Dogs-esque roles capably, though as the film progresses the roles themselves get more ludicrous.
There is the Versace-esque Italian designer (Paul Sirvino) who must face health and family crises.
 If not for the oozing originality and Bava-esque cinematography, or the quite attractive (can't believe nobody has yet mentioned the "bathtub nipple" sequence) Cheryl Smith (who sho'nuff don't look like no 13 year old!
 It's that Gilliam-esque mastery of the absurd; treat it as if it happens  every day.
 The 7  1/2 floor is almost &quot;Gilliam-esque&quot;- in fact, when I first saw  the preview I assumed it was Terry Gilliam's (Brazil, 12 Monkeys) newest  film.
The gang returns in "Truth," which is a soap opera-esque sequel to the original that started it all.
 This is just a cleverly written, simply wonderful Agatha Christie-esque thriller with the added bonus of a very 70s kitsch factor - do not let yourself miss "The Last of Sheila"!
In a 1984-esque white-washed future underground dystopia where sexuality is banned, all humans sport shaved heads and the same shapeless outfits as they go about their work in a mandated state of sedation, listening to exhortations to &quot;Buy and Be Happy.
Splendidly combining live-animal action with Jim Henson-esque animatronics, Noonan's irresistible "Babe" is a story about flouting convention and realizing one's potential.
Then there is the other main music theme playing periodically throughout the film: a Glinka-esque piano.
 For example: I love dialogue in Scorsese, Tarantino-esque movies, and I could have very easily obsessed over the lack of dialogue in The New World, and it would have caused me to miss all the good stuff.
Brief synopsis: This latest product of Trey Parker and Matt Stone's twisted imaginations involves Thunderbirds-esque puppetry; the current state of global affairs summarized in lots and lots of collateral damage courtesy of the titular team ("f--k yeah!
Production designer Jim Dultz had to recreate a believable Bruckheimer-esque world.
 The acting was extremely organic, yet not directed and produced in a cheap, film-student-esque way.
Its a combination of Cops and ER which tries to elevate  itself into art with the Madonna-esque MTV video style footage - and  portentious voice overs, the result is terrible.
 He is absolutely not Caretaker.  He was not the smart, Jiminy Cricket-esque character that Crewe needed to see what was important to him in the long run.
What's special about Almodovar films is that he is able to explore the naked-ness of humanity creating this "Othello"-esque scenario wherein people are exposed as people -- human enough to feel, be hurt and heal.
He really stole the show with his quiet, devious, loner-esque character with the choir-boy face.
 The conflict is room temperature at best.<p> I think they were hoping for a Firm-esque thing here, one got that feeling from the previews.
A particularly pleasing set is Caleb's bachelor pad-esque room, furnished to the nines beyond what any kid could afford.
 Instead of the majestic and ambitious 2001-esque Star Trek: The Motion Picture, with it's so Roddenberry-esque tale of different life forms communicating, understanding and actually combining, we have big spaceships firing laser weapons at each other and plenty of boring running, jumping and falling down - if TMP had the ambition to take Kubrick as it's model, WOK settled for the considerably inferior Lucas.
it's the first sequel since "Halloween II" to get "The Shape" right! Armed once again with a creepy William Shatner-esque mask (which is actually achieved through a combination of 5 different masks and some CGI effects), a lithe build and quick, methodical body movement, "The Shape" is looking and acting more like his old eerie/ghostly self than he has in years.
When an important executive of the NASA-esque company where Hawke works is murdered, he becomes the prime suspect when an eyelash of his is identifed during the police investigation.
Granted, Gattaca certainly tries to be all things to all people - it sells itself variously as a Philip K. Dick-esque sci-fi, as a Tense Political Thriller, an Edgy Romance, even as a Rumination on Filial Love and Obligation - but in my book it fails badly on every count.
 Kiefer Sutherland's Peter Lorre-esque dialogue is kind of annoying, but you get used to it, and it's interesting to see him so vulnerable and weak, like Bruce Willis in "12 Monkeys" or Denzel Washington in "The Manchurian Candidate (2004)".
 Rufus Sewell, Jennifer Connoly, and William Hurt are more than passable, and Kiefer Sutherland's perfomance as a Lorre-esque psychologist must be seen to be believed.
I could have done without the bad humor or the Jurassic Park-esque baby Godzilla side story, but I kinda like this Godzilla.
It is the beginning of the more internalised works by Cronenberg, though there are still some horror elements (the Giger-esque instruments for operating on mutant women and the dream sequence).
Oddly enough, the Bladerunner-esque buildings throughout the movie also help to establish the feeling of urgency, and the sensation of teetering on the edge of something great, something that we cannot possibly understand.
And it wouldn't be a Star Wars-esque movie if it didn't have its comic relief, this time it comes in the guise of hapless wizard, Ergo.
 T.K. Carter and a list of other cameo-esque bit parts bring it home.
 Barrymore plays Ivy, a girl from the wrong side of that tracks who has Lolita-esque ways of getting what she wants.
Senator seeking the Presidential nomination on the heels of his McCarthy-esque tirades against communists in the government.
 The McCarthy-esque anticommunism of the Iselins brilliantly hides the fact that the conspiracy is more real than even the Iselins publically let on, as we see when we find the identity of Shaw's American operator.
Infighting within the band, a mysterious Yoko Ono-esque character, and the band's inability to make it from the dressing room to the stage without getting lost don't help the cause, either.
My only complaint about this obsessively researched film is its Sahara-esque presentation, completely devoid of any levity.
Die hard alien enthusiast impaled themselves on Giger-esque protrusions the second this movie came out.
 He has zero, and I mean no chemistry with the barbie-esque Christie, who only needs a gingham dress to remind me of one of the gals from Petticoat Junction.
As the opening Addams Family-esque credits by Pablo Ferro rolled over blatant love scenes between planes and phallic missiles and meadow lark love scene music trickled to my ears, I knew I was in for a treat.
 In fact, the final fight scene in this movie is probably my favorite of any Chan-esque movie.
As he struggles against giving the order for a My Lai-esque massacre of an unarmed Turkish convoy, Lawrence's face [animated by the incomparable acting of Peter O'Toole] all but says: "Now could I drink hot blood!
 In fact, the final fight scene in this movie is probably my favorite of any Chan-esque movie.
As a Peyton Place-esque New England town braces for its worst winter bashing in decades, a dark-eyed (sometimes) baddie we learn later is a dominion of evil itself, also blows into town, and soon the dead bodies pile up.
Unlike the so-so comic book-esque TOMBSTONE, WYATT EARP tells the real story and takes its time doing so.
 This duo evidently wanted to capture a somber Louis L'Amour-esque look on-screen (the costuming is a dead giveaway), as their tragic interpretation of Earp's life story often resembles an Old West version of "The Godfather," replacing mobsters with frontier cops.
 Returning to Missouri to study law under his grandfather (Giorgio E. Tripoli), a judge, he revives a Dante-esque romance with Urilla Sutherland (Annabeth Gish), marries her, loses her to typhoid within a year, and goes on a nine-month drunk that ends when he steals a horse and is bailed out by his father.
 <p>It's a great ride, too, with very Matrix-esque action sequences that pull you along at great speed, catapulting you into this "underground" world.
Do not be led astray by the excellently edited theatrical preview for this film, it is neither a successful Matrix-esque actioner nor a star-crossed romance pic.
That said, I still enjoyed the R&J-esque story, and how it combined the already connected lores.
After my second viewing of this film I figured I'd get around to writing a review. In an our-world noir-esque film, vampires and werewolves are in an age old war to defeat one or the another.
So far so good--you weren't expecting Bergman-esque psychological depth, were you?
 Whoa!  Then there's some Matrix-esque stuff that doesn't resemble the Matrix.
Throw in a disgruntled Jabba-esque Scotsman who knows just the wrong things to say, and a few especially nasty gross-out moments (Austin drinking an ersatz cup o&#8217; joe, and the infamous tent scene), and you have a little something for everybody!
Not that this is a laff riot, mind you. Do not buy or rent The Loved One expecting some goofy Airplane-esque farce, this is a comedy but it has the pace of a dramatic film.
Natalie Portman sports one of the best, most adorable Pageboy Bobs in the universe. Her amazing "young Uma Thurman-esque" face and voice and acting are amplified 100-fold by the hairstyle that she so unfortnuatly had for only this one movie.
Weimar Germany represented another unstable force. Soviet infighting was also recent news, as the Trotsky-esque bad guy reminds us.
Simon becomes Rambo-esque "Seemone," and the gang discovers a castaway.
 The conflict is room temperature at best.<p> I think they were hoping for a Firm-esque thing here, one got that feeling from the previews.
A particularly pleasing set is Caleb's bachelor pad-esque room, furnished to the nines beyond what any kid could afford.
 Godden is delightful as a nerdy, contemporary Woody-Allen-esque hero, and Horsdal, in spite of her stunning beauty, is able to believably portray a woman who is strong yet still approachable and vulnerable.
 That is another problem, but the Ron Howard-esque schmaltzy saccharine sympathies lathered onto the main characters is just unflattering and really makes the audience (or at least me) cringe with discomfort.
 An intelligent female lead (Bones).  While she's also pretty and funny, she has endearing flaws.  Her superwoman-esque martial arts and marksmanship abilities (she can apparently shoot better than her FBI counterpart who used to be a sniper) are blatantly over the top.
While not of exceptional quality on their own - these James Bond-esque actioneers do move right along - and a package like this that presents 12 movies for the price of one is hard to find fault with.
It's definitely not an upgrade from any previous Rambo installment; it's just the next one. The dialog is very 'Stallone-esque' (lots of cheesy tag lines that sometimes hit and sometimes miss) but tolerable if you keep your expectations realistic being that it's a Stallone movie.
This movie is the best movie ever made.  This movie is filled with memeorable quotes, including Father Ridley's sermon-esque opinions about VD.
As fate would have it, a handsome Robin Hood-esque young man named Flynn Rider is attempting to escape the guards at the Royal Palace, and naturally happens upon Rapunzel's tower while Gothel is gone.
They just need to ramp up the creative juices and come up with the next "Little Mermaid"-esque hit.
 There is no doubt that Edward Yang has a great eye and his films do exhibit an Antonioni-esque style when it comes to presentation.
 A military/mercenary (blackwater-esque) presence puts the town in quarantine.
After how good Dawn of the Dead was, I was looking forward to another remake of a George Romero zombie, or zombie-esque film.
With it, people who do not have a full range of motion can exercise and partake in a series of 'yoga-esque' type movements.
 Well folks, I'm happy to say, the comparisons are over.  He is his own singer with a unique, more edgier Cetera-esque voice (hope that makes sense).
The one-on-one finale is a gritty Steven Seagal-esque encounter, with no question whatsoever whether or not Dolph is going to win.
This DVD grabbed my heart out of my chest, still beating, poured a pleasure-liquid, honey-esque in consistency, all over it until it dripped with the latter instead of blood, gave it a good pat on the head, and rammed it gently back into my chest.
As usual, there's a lot going on that makes no real sense within the story (McConaughey's Rube Goldberg-esque prosthetic leg, the insane CIA agent played by a chilling John Gale, etc.
BUY IT!  For any fan of giant robots, sci-fi, westerns, gun slinging on a matrix-esque playing field, and did I mention the hot chicks in skimpy outfits and big guns?
It was my first one. The routines are low impact and pretty simple- I'm not up to any high-energy Bollywood-esque moves- while still making you sweat.
The score composed by John Powell was all right; It suited the action-esque atmosphere in the movie but you'll be hard pressed to even bother paying attention to it.
And finally, Anna Paquin concludes her pointless attempt at conceptualizing Rogue. Instead of the Southern, wonder girl-esque charm, there is the typical $5.
 I disagree with the reviewer who said that the new Pinhead at least delivers his lines in a Bradley-esque way-- Doug Bradley was never so wooden as Pinhead.
Watch it. Love it. Learn the words. Sing along. Obsess over the awesomeness that is Whedon-esque Easter Eggs.
A unique Twilight Zone-esque tale with fine performances and creepy moments.
Yet, somehow what I once thought impossible, without going cheesy, B-movie-esque with the whole production, was brought to an entertaining reality.
But the ultimate booby prize goes to BARB WIRE. And what boobies! From the opening FLASHDANCE-esque strip club routine, in which millions of gallons of water are sprayed onto heroine Pamela Anderson's bared casabas, Barb Wire is a perky paean to the wonders of silicone.
 The production values are first rate, and Schama's control of the project kept it from seeming &quot;Burns-esque.
Add to this powder keg the Billy Jack-esque Indian guy that wants to preserve the land.
 To his credit, he doesn't rip off John Williams, though the music does have a Bernard Herrman-esque sound to it.
 Yep, toss in the Shatner-esque late model Doug McLure, an evil  Vic Morrow, and a few dozen convincing salmon monsters and you have a  Corman classic.
 Never  mind the boyfriends, they're quickly dispatched in a shower of red dye.  Marvel at the Prophecy-esque sub-plot between the local Indian trying to  save his land and Vic Morrow, resident bully.
 It doesn't matter much these days what the topic surrounds, as long as there are long picture-esque images of Americana (or some other country), coupled with a tender moment, a blasting score, and sympathy towards anything - than the epic will reign supreme.
Howard.<p> Even the more obscure Conan-esque fantasy films of the '80s (The Beastmaster, The Sword and the Sorcerer) offered more, even given their lower budgets and dated techniques.
I've been dying to get some good anime for a while now and this really hit the spot. It's so beautiful and almost hippy-esque.
if you are looking for a Dirty Harry-esque cool fest from eastwood, you will be dissappointed.
 He soon abondons his Kafka-esque existence and stops going to work, dumps his nagging b**tch of a girlfriend, and gets the courage to ask out a disgruntled waitress (Aniston).
 Meanwhile, Garrett Hedlund plays Paltrow's rough-hewn, Waylon-esque protegee, a simple country guy who lives for the music, man, and not the fame.
I like Stephen Dorff; he reminds me of a young, Lost Boys-esque Kiefer Sutherland.
This film tells a powerful story, a "Crime and Punishment"-esque recovery of the soul, except without the ending that Dostoevsky had in his novel.
 It was sort of Tim Burton-esque, so maybe if Nightmare Before Christmas is one of your favorites, you'd like this one too.
 no problems here. the movie  begins to fall apart with some of its more Matrix-esque fight scenes.
It's a very Cronenberg-esque thriller with plenty of good stuff for everyone especially horror/Sci-fi fanatics and special effects junkies.
 There are  chain swords and hedge trimmer weapons, a huge steampunk-esque outpost, and  guys with armour reminicient of robocop.
Everyone here is pitch-perfect: Hepburn, Holden, Bogie and the incomparable Billy Wilder.  This is a classic Cinderella-esque story of a young, poor girl hopelessly in love with the son of her father's employer.
 From some great, Scorsese-esque tracking shots inside the train to claustrophobic cityscapes to expansive cinematography of the Indian countryside, the setting figures as extensively in this movie as Anderson's old high school in Rushmore or the high seas in The Life Aquatic, adding another layer of the personality that's always set Anderson movies apart.
And, contrary to what many "anime" fans believe, the movie IS NOT ANIME. It is an American sci-fi/fantasy-esque adventure flick.
The meltdown in Mousedom continues with this disappointing tripe.  Despite the Jules Verne-esque trappings and hints of Victorian elegance, this movie quickly descends into an embarassing, offensive, unlikely combination of "The Abyss" & "Musquito Coast.
 They are some combination of sluggish island people, fierce jungle fighters, and "Battlestar Galactica-esque" pre-historic technowizards.
Add some bizarre Monty Python-esque moments, copious nudity and implied sex, and a strange narration by a superfluous character--and this movie completely baffled me.
. . <p>. . . and so it is with `Memento', a pastiche of Jim<br />Thompson-esque crime cliches complicated, but not<br />deepened, by a fairly original cinematic device.
 The gang is headed up by a slimey, Fagin-esque Robin Williams, to whom the kids give the money they earn as street buskers.
 While walking around the streets of New York he meets a wise talking, Boondocks-esque musical prodigy named Arthur who leads him to a group of other musical prodigies.
 Robin Williams is wiley as the Fagin-esque Wizard and the pizza thing reminds me of Oliver Twist "Please Sir, I want more!
 The gang is headed up by a slimey, Fagin-esque Robin Williams, to whom the kids give the money they earn as street buskers.
 While walking around the streets of New York he meets a wise talking, Boondocks-esque musical prodigy named Arthur who leads him to a group of other musical prodigies.
 Robin Williams is wiley as the Fagin-esque Wizard and the pizza thing reminds me of Oliver Twist "Please Sir, I want more!
 You come to enjoy characters quickly, and unfortunately in many cases watch them fall.  The battles are very Gladiator-esque (for obvious reasons) but they take nothing away, merely enhancing the choas of all out war.
Alas, Roger became too old and went.<br />Dalton brought another Bond, more fleming-esque.
As for Pierce Brosnan, well this is #3 for him so he's still as suave and Bond-esque with the action hero coming into play whenever he needs to.
Connery-esque!
Christopher Walken has a great time doing a parody of himself throughout the movie. He's hilarious as he does his Walken-esque soliloquies for everyone except the people that might actually have gotten a clue from his ramblings and figured out that this backwoods bad guy has more than one screw loose.
I absolutely love this show.  The dialogue is entertaining, witty, and fast paced, the sets are fun and Tim Burton-esque, and the actors meld together so naturally and are all incredible talents.
 The premise was interesting, the visuals were good (somewhat Tim Burton-esque as another reviewer noted), and the actors were fine.
 He turned Jason into a zombie-esque figure that was more comical than menacing.
Good movie, a few more cerebral twists than I expected from the description, good action, but a little Revolver-esque in the reveal of the plot twist.
This movie has it all...car chases, a virgin sacrifice, a shootout, a foul-mouthed landlady, Dabney Coleman as a Hef-esque magazine mogul, a bunch of great one-liners, and a super cheesy 80s rock/rap theme song.
 It is incredibly well done, and compliments his documentary-esque writing style, providing a biting and personal critique of not only the inhabitants of Laramie, but, through the lens of Laramie as a microcosm for America as a whole, the entire society that America has constructed and turned a blind eye to that would allow such a senseless death.
 It is incredibly well done, and compliments his documentary-esque writing style, providing a biting and personal critique of not only the inhabitants of Laramie, but, through the lens of Laramie as a microcosm for America as a whole, the entire society that America has constructed and turned a blind eye to that would allow such a senseless death.
I could have done without the bad humor or the Jurassic Park-esque baby Godzilla side story, but I kinda like this Godzilla.
 Despite being top-billed, she has very little screen time.  Furthermore, her sole outfit includes the lumberjack-esque shoulder pads that were the style in 1946, and a very dated hat, which she never removes throughout the picture.
substance abuse, destructive life choices).<br /><br />This film depicts the life of a Janis Joplin-esque rock star (Bette Midler), who goes by "The Rose.
 The acting is goofy, the special effects are &quot;Clash of the Titans&quot;-esque, and Ash seems to get his shotgun out of nowhere after coming out of the pit; but, you love it anyway cause its funny and good for a viewing at anytime of the day or night.
 To show off contemporary versions (circa 1990) of Ray Harryhausen-esque stop-motion techniques:<p>The special effects, while dated in the face of CGI prodigiousness, are enormous and spectacular.
If you like Henry Jaglom films, which usually consist of Woody Allen-esque talking heads, you will enjoy this attempt to explore character in the guise of a large theatrical family.
This movie is a mix of 'fake' sci-fi, as Tim Allen and his cast are actually just actors in a Star Trek-esque show, but there are real aliens in here who view that show as historical documents and thus seek out the Galaxy Quest cast for aid.
 Tim Allen really breaks out of his stand-up/sitcom persona and plays a Shatner-esque role.
She really embraces her inner bimbo and has fun. Tim Allen as a Shatner-esque is a win!
Yes, Tennenbaums has obviously been compared to Rushmore, but I found it more &quot;Magnolia-esque&quot; in humor and almost as artistically filmed as Vertical Ray of the Sun.
 The acting is mostly laughable.  Richard Burton is downright Shatner-esque in his portrayal of a drunk ex-minister.
 He spends approximately 80% of the film, making exaggerated "all work and no play..."-esque faces.
Plus in Survival of the Dead there's this whole Hatfield versus McCoy's-esque thing going on, which to me was just a distraction from what I was really here for: Zombies chasing people around in a world gone mad.
Plus in Survival of the Dead there's this whole Hatfield versus McCoy's-esque thing going on, which to me was just a distraction from what I was really here for: Zombies chasing people around in a world gone mad.
 Typical Peckinpah.  Powerful, nonetheless.  And Jerry Fielding wrote a brilliant, Stravinsky-esque musical score.
First, there was the demon-esque vampire makeup.
 He meets a Heidi-esque girl and falls in love, and they too, end up in space.
 He meets a Heidi-esque girl and falls in love, and they too, end up in space.
 Instead of the majestic and ambitious 2001-esque Star Trek: The Motion Picture, with it's so Roddenberry-esque tale of different life forms communicating, understanding and actually combining, we have big spaceships firing laser weapons at each other and plenty of boring running, jumping and falling down - if TMP had the ambition to take Kubrick as it's model, WOK settled for the considerably inferior Lucas.
No, no Kafka-esque sense of danger.
 In case you've forgotten, this season includes the following:<br />-An SNL-esque opening sequence<br />-A diarrhea prevention device resembling a drain plug on a chain<br />-"Quall of Duty" teaser, involving the use of a Liebe Hart puppet painted up like a ho to bust johns<br />-"Stunt Men" epsiode, a perversion of women's television (something akin to The View, HSN, or a makeup infomerical)<br />-Tairy Green Machine epsiode, where Zach Galiafinakis erupts at his dance students, "You make me want to do cocaine off a vertical mirror!
En Grym Film is a brutal ride of revenge. That is first and foremost what this film is. But it is also a surreal Dali-esque mix of martial art film, European art film, drug film, hardcore porn, and spagetti western.
 The opening sequence is very surreal and the super-slow-motion action sequences are painterly, almost Kubrick-esque were it not for their ridiculousness.
 The apes inhabit a Flintstone-esque city and are divided into three different castes, the Orangutangs, who are the politicans and keepers of the faith, and seemingly the caste in absolute control, the Gorillas, whoa re the workers and the soldiers, and who seem to occupy the lowest position, and the Chimpanzees, who are the scientists and intellectuals.
This Seinfeld-esque comedy performance riffs on the humor of being different than the "norm", be it a nerd, a person of a different sexuality, a person of a different skin color, or a person with a different personality, and shows via humor that we're all the same=humans.
Depp's performance was too Michael Jackson-esque for my liking.
For, make no mistake, Tim Burton's adaptation of Roald Dahl's classic novel, is very "Burton-esque.
The real star of this story is not the quasi-humans who populate its color-saturated Dali-esque landscape, but the candy around whom their lives center.
Look also for the "Sgt. Pepper"-esque nut house with the (largely real) team of nut-cracking squirrels, the "2001: Space Odyssey" (with the bombastic Strauss fanfare) WonkaVision studios, and other touches that really make Depp, in particular, such a marvelously spooky-kooky guy.
Therefore if you are not a child, but still enjoy dooby-enhanced mind trip or generally odd, Alice-in-Wonderland-esque stories, then you will find interest in this movie.
 The initial scenes of Charlie's crooked, dilapidated house and the huge city that surrounds it are as Dahl-esque as you can hope for.
 They're almost DALI-esque, in fact.
At moments, it almost descends into a Mel Gibson-esque orgy of pain.
 However, although they do the best they can, there is no saving this banal, movie of the week-esque movie.
For all of the people who mock Gregg Araki's dialogue, his poor, home-video-esque directing and his sloppy editing, I have one thing to say: you're all correct.
She has talent, but unfortunately is stuck with the films lamest lines. People criticize the films 'Matrix-esque' effects and stunts.
The actual fight scenes are top-notch, and once or twice, you even have a slightly funny Jackie Chan-esque moment.
The religious presence of a Catholic-esque Church is especially intriguing.
Very Tarantino-esque, but Duffy leaves Tarantino for dead.
I was more or less expecting a Tarantino-esque crime movie with some wierdass characters and lots of cursing, which is more or less what I got.
I would've preferred either a longer film with a more fleshed out progression of events, or a more Tarantino/Scorcese-esque approach giving the actors more time to indulge us with their characters peculiarities.
To start, Boondock Saints is blatently inspired by the Tarentino-esque style that has seemed to become popular among the indie crowd lately.
Boondock Saints is an odd movie, know that going in.  It has some Tarantino-esque violence and surreal humor.
In a Skywalker-esque plot twist at the end, the three team up to execute a mobster as he pleads innocent in the courtroom.
 And I'll take a good Tarantino-esque vibe anyday.
 The "Dutch" guy appears out of nowhere, and he's made out to be some sort of super-killer, Hannible Lector-esque character but the only thing really said about him was something like "they only use him when things get really bad.
I especially loved the ending, it was original.<p>There is a Tenchi-esque feel to this series, so if you like Tenchi, you'll love this.
This is not a boring documentary nor is it the Disney-esque fare that you seen in the trailer, however its not depressing by any means.
Somethings about this movie lack a lot and some might say its a Pulp Fiction-esque type movie and it is in its only little world.
Dark Reel is part horror, part thriller, part comedy and an all around enjoyable experience. In this Giallo-esque film, Ed Furlong of T2 fame plays a down on his luck loser who wins a walk on role alongside the movie star of his dreams played by the amazing Tiffany Shepis.
The Black Dahlia-esque murder of starlet Scarlett May.
 Essentially the big evil to be fought with this season is Spike and Drusilla, a bonnie and clyde-esque vampire couple, who eventually team up with Buffy's former boyfriend Angel, who loses his soul after a special night.
 That's where all similarities end.<br />John Carter is now some Rambo-esque military guy fighting opium lords in an Arab country.
Pierce Brosnan heats up the screen with Rene Russo in this hot little remake.  Although Bond-esque characteristics are present, Brosnan delivers a look at his corrupt and witty side as an actor.
I  would say that it is his most 'Fellini-esque' film yet.
I would say that it is his more Felini-esque film  yet.
The score composed by John Powell was all right; It suited the action-esque atmosphere in the movie but you'll be hard pressed to even bother paying attention to it.
And finally, Anna Paquin concludes her pointless attempt at conceptualizing Rogue. Instead of the Southern, wonder girl-esque charm, there is the typical $5.
Rifftrax [...] announced that on 2/19/2007 they will release the "Mystery science theater 3000-esque" commentary track for this "classic".
However, even if Pee Wee Herman-esque humor isn't your cup of tea, the movie does have a strong message about the strength of family, another message about honesty, another one about how kids can make a difference, and the movie has one of the best Latin American casts of all time.
 the plot is a little too woody allen-esque with all the rich actor/actress/painter/intellectual types who have mid-life problems and talk about it over white wine.
Albeit James Bond-esque, this movie hinges upon everyone fulfilling their role flawlessly and not one of their high-tech gadgets ever failing.
Maurice Jarre's score, which weaves Hindu music with Cole Porter-esque rhythm, never overpowers the dialogue or sound effects.
I was very surprised watching this ancient dungeons and dragons-esque film.
 While it is emotional to watch the love story unfold, the eye-candy battle sequences, and the picture-esque view of Scotland, there seemed to be a lacking "meat" to this story.
This is not a happy film, and there is no Hollywood-esque upbeat ending.
But the ultimate booby prize goes to BARB WIRE. And what boobies! From the opening FLASHDANCE-esque strip club routine, in which millions of gallons of water are sprayed onto heroine Pamela Anderson's bared casabas, Barb Wire is a perky paean to the wonders of silicone.
In the book, there's a fierce dog that bites people's fingers off if they try to leave. Very Burton-esque.
It's not your typical creepy, trippy Tim Burton movie. It's carnival-esque, colorful, funny, and well-written.
Rather, you long for more of his father's adventures, which are full of unexpected people, Burton-esque places and understated intelligence.
Very Tarantino-esque, but Duffy leaves Tarantino for dead.
I was more or less expecting a Tarantino-esque crime movie with some wierdass characters and lots of cursing, which is more or less what I got.
I would've preferred either a longer film with a more fleshed out progression of events, or a more Tarantino/Scorcese-esque approach giving the actors more time to indulge us with their characters peculiarities.
To start, Boondock Saints is blatently inspired by the Tarentino-esque style that has seemed to become popular among the indie crowd lately.
Boondock Saints is an odd movie, know that going in.  It has some Tarantino-esque violence and surreal humor.
In a Skywalker-esque plot twist at the end, the three team up to execute a mobster as he pleads innocent in the courtroom.
 And I'll take a good Tarantino-esque vibe anyday.
 The "Dutch" guy appears out of nowhere, and he's made out to be some sort of super-killer, Hannible Lector-esque character but the only thing really said about him was something like "they only use him when things get really bad.
While the more intense persona isn't seen, he nails that playboy-esque side of 007 as well as the resourceful and knowledgeable side who can shoot his way through anything.
I had quite looked forward to and expected to enjoy the "Babel"-esque indie "Mammoth.
Gorgeous cinema, perfect acting and the Grace Chang &quot;karaoke&quot;/Dennis Poter-esque musical numbers are exquisite.
it's all brilliantly presented. I particulary like James Bond-esque  theme of the movie.
Throw in a disgruntled Jabba-esque Scotsman who knows just the wrong things to say, and a few especially nasty gross-out moments (Austin drinking an ersatz cup o&#8217; joe, and the infamous tent scene), and you have a little something for everybody!
It's not surprising that Kronos reminds one a bit of a Tarantino film at times. This Spaghetti Western-esque vampire flick is actually a fave of the American director and many other filmmakers today.
Gorgeous cinema, perfect acting and the Grace Chang &quot;karaoke&quot;/Dennis Poter-esque musical numbers are exquisite.
Brief synopsis: This latest product of Trey Parker and Matt Stone's twisted imaginations involves Thunderbirds-esque puppetry; the current state of global affairs summarized in lots and lots of collateral damage courtesy of the titular team ("f--k yeah!
Production designer Jim Dultz had to recreate a believable Bruckheimer-esque world.
"The Red Violin" is a mediocre, highly superficial film that follows the creation and life of a Stradivari-esque fiddle over several centuries, through various owners in Europe, Asia, and finally, North America.
 Even through the (once-again) EXTREMELY GI JOE-esque visuals, storytelling and soundtrack, this film uses powerful symbolism in the manner of Dali's "Le Sangre D'un Poete" and Orwell's "Animal Farm" to push us over the edge and into seeing what our (barely) free minds are up against.
And, of course, the film has gore gore, violence violence. The film caters to fans of the Conan-esque genre (gritty violence, barbarian characters, bloody gore action) and, surprisingly, the heavy metal genre.
Well, maybe not Sonar--his ability to hear is Radar-esque, but his humanity is refreshing.
Reminds me of this scene from Annie Hall:<br /><br />Pam: Sex with you is really a Kafka-esque experience.
 Even if you don't like boxing, even if you're hoping for a ROCKY-esque film, you won't be disappointed in MILLION DOLLAR BABY.
<p>Pacino gives a tour de force performance, delivering his lines with typical Pacino-esque vigor.
 In its place are a few ill-matched diary-esque insights amidst a series of odd (a Thai prison, are you kidding me?
Namely the character Augra is being dubbed with Frank Oz's Miss Piggy-esque voice over and of course there is no music or post-production.
 On the way, he encounters Keira, a girl gelfling, her pomeranian-esque pet, Fizgig (a creature with two sets of teeth and a raging temper), the musical potlins (little hippy creatures who have a lust for life and great music), and many other twists and turns.
 Nair could have pulled a Gandhi-esque moment for us by countering the horrible acting with beautiful images of India.
Or maybe it's the other way around. In either case, &quot;It's the Rage&quot; may be intriguing on its Tarantino-esque surface and commendable for its anti-gun social message, but the film can't help but fail as these two impulses fight it out.
They seem to be conected to each other somehow, even though they don't know it. It is an altman-esque movie added guns.
Oddly enough, the Bladerunner-esque buildings throughout the movie also help to establish the feeling of urgency, and the sensation of teetering on the edge of something great, something that we cannot possibly understand.
 Norman Reedus, the weaselly-villain-esque character had angry eyes and an obsession with power .
Cars 2 just feels very flat emotionally, and loaded with Michael Bay-esque pyrotechnics to compensate.
In fact, it's an above average one.  It is definitely the funniest Gondry film I've seen and has a warm-hearted Capra-esque feel to it which may seem ridiculous and "cheesy" to some, but it works within the broader context of the film.
 But, who watches this sorta film for the plot?  Stylistically, I was shocked by just how Fulci-esque this film is.
Although the Italian horror/slasher genre of the 1970's includes many films that aren't exactly Disney-esque, I found "The New York Ripper" to be a particularly unpleasant ride.
One of the finest ways that this is captured is the poetic and ballet-esque motion of the battle sequences.
There were hints of Braveheart-esque traits but sadly this film, while excellent in its own right, falls short.
The girl grows up to be a stripper, played blandly by a Lolita-esque Jessica Alba.
The characters ramble on in moments of deep thought, revealing what makes them tick. It's filled to the brim with Arnold-esque one-liners.
There's also a lot of Tarantino-esque recursion in the plot line (not to mention that the character of Miho is straight out the Crazy-88 in _Kill Bill_, and so are her weapons), reminiscent of _Pulp Fiction_: The beginning isn't necessarily the beginning, nor is the end the end.
The "special-effects" graphics and video manipulation delivering cartoon-esque visual cinema has been done ad nauseum--"Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid", "Roger Rabbitt", "Forrest Gump", "Gladiator", are all better examples of like talents used to better results.
The girl grows up to be a stripper, played blandly by a Lolita-esque Jessica Alba.
 Bruce Willis is wonderful as the Rambo-esque superguy who outwits, outplays, and outlasts the heavily-armed killers, and reveals just enough of his tender side to endear his character to the audience.
They have fared much better than the "reconstructions" of Rameau (beautiful music but with Monty Python-esque productions and Cirque de Soleil reject dances) or Handel's beautiful operas rendered as soap-opera farces.
This is a story about finding your niche in life. Kind of a fairy tale-esque plot,  wonderfully presented.
This is a very cool Nightmare On Elm Street-esque horror flick that does everything right.
In the film, "reality" is shown via shaky handheld digital Dogma-esque camerawork, but the "fantasy" sequences use a color palette that makes them appear even more real than the "real" scenes.
I sat down to be entertained by a light Spielberg-esque film and ended up flabbergasted at how much her performance affected me.
Then you have Matrix-esque scenes in a white room which try to ponder philosophical questions about sex, love and life.
 That he dips into a disgusting bit of Farrelly-esque humor is just a little sad to me.
I agree. Without that element of slight brutality, it would have been just another journal-esque movie about a family.
Also, catch Melissa Joan Hart the Dee Dees, a tempting pair of Harley Quinn-esque teen villains.
 The beginning opens up in black and white and later on, when the lovers start over again, color (in a very Wong Kar-wai-esque cinematic sense of it) comes in.
Cars 2 just feels very flat emotionally, and loaded with Michael Bay-esque pyrotechnics to compensate.
As you can imagine, the tension rises as everyone accuses everyone else of being an alien, and a Macarthy-esque hunt ensues.
 It doesn't matter much these days what the topic surrounds, as long as there are long picture-esque images of Americana (or some other country), coupled with a tender moment, a blasting score, and sympathy towards anything - than the epic will reign supreme.
 well what is it then?  Hmm . . it's a strange mixture of a film.  For the most part the  film is a Warhol-esque depiction of a troubled artist (Fererra under the  pseudonym Jimmy Lane) descending into madness and paranoia, padded out with  art-lessly shot footage of drugged out punks and all set against a heavy  rock soundtrack.
Watching this movie, I was struck by the fact that no matter how quickly fashions change in the jungle-esque hubs of the capitalist world's great metropolises: clothes, clubs, music - it's all here one day but by next week its shuffled out by the next wave of whatever - the fundamental dynamics of growing out of adolescence in these places is still the same, some twenty five years on.
 The rest of the movie is much more conventional, but it is here that Gibson could have created a Fellini-esque cinematic experience, one equivalent and analagous to the Satyricon.
Ashley Judd was WAY too Hollywood-esque (is that a word?
All in all, great for Bey/Bruckheimer-esque entertainment, but horrible in everything else.
DiCaprio's very Shakespeare-in-the-Park-esque Romeo was rather disappointing.
His music, and not his behavior, is always the most important thing though.<br /><br />Secondly I reject the whole Oprah-esque, pop psychology tone of this film.
And how sad is it that my favorite part and character from the movie was Aro? Probably because he's a proper Rice-esque vampire.
 Don't go into this movie expecting a warm and fuzzy Kate and Leopold-esque feeling, but do expect to root for Bullock at least over her sleazy adversary.
 Its complex premise  is filled with incessant experimentation, with documentary-esque techniques used to set the gears in motion before resorting to more traditional cinema.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
(Hey, it may just be the best film Tor ever appeared in.)<p>The somewhat Woolrich-esque plot has to do with a carefree detective teaming up with a pretty Bette Davis looking newspaper reporter to scope out the whereabouts of a wanted criminal called The Judge.
 well, it deserves the "praise".  julie andrews is cast as a mata hari-esque double agent in ww1, and a truly awful rock hudson goes thru the motions as her american fly boy lover, in a role that ***might*** have worked better if cast with a subtler actor, e.
 The film is graced by a Mancini-esque, hepcat-cool music score composed by Neil Hefti; again, a perfect product of its time.
 Color also played an important role in the film--vivid comic book-esque scenes enhanced the edginess of the dark comedy.
He's also the film's narrator, and does several amusing Adaptation-esque tricks with the story's timeline, all the while delivering ingratiating "I know this is silly" asides to the audience.
Add to this powder keg the Billy Jack-esque Indian guy that wants to preserve the land.
 To his credit, he doesn't rip off John Williams, though the music does have a Bernard Herrman-esque sound to it.
 Yep, toss in the Shatner-esque late model Doug McLure, an evil  Vic Morrow, and a few dozen convincing salmon monsters and you have a  Corman classic.
 Never  mind the boyfriends, they're quickly dispatched in a shower of red dye.  Marvel at the Prophecy-esque sub-plot between the local Indian trying to  save his land and Vic Morrow, resident bully.
It's kind of like a Raymond Chandler-esque comic book story interpreted 80s style--no academy award nominations here, but a really fun, outlandish, adventure fairy tale.
I think I laughed about that for several days. The Lenny Bruce-esque trial of Mellish is the best sent up of a courtroom ever.
 And of course Rob Reiner's Capra-esque moment is Shepard fighting back at the end, defending his membership of the ACLU and the rights of his girlfriend to burn flags.
Instead I was disappointed to find an Indianna Jones-esque adventure.
If it was a little more James Bond-esque it might have been better.
Was it a Bond-esque action thriller or something more suave and slow paced?
 While not a Jolie fan, I am a Depp fan, and this movie accentuated his strengths.  Jolie was Audrey Hepburn-esque, and truly exuded class.
if you are looking for a Dirty Harry-esque cool fest from eastwood, you will be dissappointed.
 Panned by most critics, I actually found this film to be extremely witty with a Wes Anderson-esque type of dry martini humor.
A grave injustice to Garrison Keillor's quirky weekly broadcast and a typically Altman-esque waste of a great cast.
That's just the way you say it: Basterds."[8] He stated in an interview that the misspelled title is "a Basquiat-esque touch.
Is there any real concern that people will mistake Tarantino-esque fiction for historical fact?
well, actually still looks pretty impressively Kraken-esque.
For all of the people who mock Gregg Araki's dialogue, his poor, home-video-esque directing and his sloppy editing, I have one thing to say: you're all correct.
 Finally, what all the surreal soliloquys boil down to is a kind of Daumer-esque disappointment, a vivisectionist's brooding on missing soul and undetectable essences.
I do wish that each of the Chipettes got to interact with their male counterparts but the Simon-esque Chipette hardly features at all (the Theodore girl features a little more but they're mainly just background when compared to the lead and if it weren't for the sake of having all three characters, they could've done the whole movie without them).
*** This comment contains spoilers ***<br /><br />"Horrible" (Rosso sangue (1981)) is the HALLOWEEN-esque 'sequel' to 1981's insomniac's dream ANTHROPOPHAGOUS.
Stryker, a post-apocalyptic Mad Max-esque 80's action sci-fi film, oozes sexuality in the form of hot babes in leather short shorts (one must keep cool in the parched and barren wastelands of the future).
As far as urban Frankenstein-esque movies go, Indestructible Man isn't that bad; the decision to have Chaney utter no lines whatsoever after his execution and resurrection seems like a wise move, but then you think about how many additional lines this threw Max Showalter's way.
Every fight scene and car chase (yes, there is more than one car chase) is loaded with Michael Bay-esque hand-held hyper-cuts.
 Bruce Willis is wonderful as the Rambo-esque superguy who outwits, outplays, and outlasts the heavily-armed killers, and reveals just enough of his tender side to endear his character to the audience.
In the Italian horror films I've seen I'm typically treated to either a Goblin soundtrack, or a Goblin-esque soundtrack.
Lovecraft-esque  Italian supernatural horror thriller from Lucio Fulci is one of his greatest and coolest movies ever.
My favorite character is the kanye west-esque samurai (dont worry, you'll get it) The greastest thing about the show is it's brevity.
 All the others are new and of inconsistent quality.  Donald Duck is a Noah-esque hero set to Elgar's Pomp and Circumstance; butterflies dance to Beethoven's 5th Symphony; whales fly as we hear Respighi's Pines of Rome; Al Hirschfeld-esque drawings animate Gershwin's Rhapsody in Blue; Saint-Saen's Carnival of the Animals is accompanied by flamingos with a yo-yo; Nature battles destructive forces to Stravinsky's Firebird Suite; and Shostakovich's Piano Concerto No.
 This is described as an upscale version of Gleason's "The Honeymooners."  Two of the skits even have some Gleason-esque pathos to them.
The suspense was incredible, the camera work was great (with several Hitchcock-esque shots added in the mix), the plot was nicely twisted.
 That neither Bridges nor Robbins are Superstar Icons with Tom Cruise-like looks or Schwarzenegger-esque muscles makes the film all the more believable.
 If you like Love Stories, then buy this movie.  Crouching Tiger has it all. Drama, matrix-esque fight scenes.
 If you are looking for a slapstick Jackie Chan-esque martial arts fun-fest in the vein of Drunken Master, this IS NOT your movie.
I didn't even mind the &quot;Fantasia&quot; ending, Dr. Reinhardt and Maximillian togther in a &quot;Dante-esque&quot; hell.
His 90's, Bill Gates-esque character is also brilliantly portrayed, persuing his beloved while silently rubbing his success in the faces of everyone at the reunion.
 Also some of these fantasy scenes are a touch `python-esque' as well, especially where there is a troop of dancing policemen in fish-net tights!
Wow!<br /><br />Climbing ladders to the stars, dancing policemen in mini-skirts (very Python-esque), crazy trappings, screwy colors -- a druggie's dream for sure.
She's in nearly every frame, and she's a marvel with the kind Garbo-esque screen presence: whether she's saying a wicked line or casting a wicked glance, you're falling for her.
Jonathan Glazer's Sexy Beast. (The only other exceptions would be Gangster No.1 and Guy Ritchie's own highly Lock Stock-esque Snatch).
So imagine, if you will, a Buffy-esque movie featuring a pair of uber-cute punk-adorable pop stars, a slick-yet-inexplicably-corny gang of &quot;royal&quot; vampires, a vicious pack of (one must assume) lesser proletariat vampires, and an extended cameo wherein Jackie Chan attempts to wed a staggering alcoholic.
"Could you give me an opinion of the men in our country?"<br />Actress (while pulling ridiculous Jan Brady-esque modelling poses): "I have no opinion of men - I just love them!
As a fan of war-esque cinema, I have seen the greats: Saving Private Ryan, Band of Brothers, First Blood, etc.
It's not as gritty of a film. It doesn't have the "noir" look that they had. Instead, it has a more David Fincher-esque style to it.
As for the human cast, Brendan Fraser, here a hapless stunt man whose dad just happens to be a 007-esque spy star both in character and for real (played broadly, if briefly, by ex-Bond Timothy Dalton), is a little bland, and the normally witty Jenna Elfman is mostly eye candy as the studio exec.
so werewolves and vampires were out, Satanism in. So here we get a Wheatley-esque story of powerful people sucked into devil-worship grafted onto an old fashioned Dracula story.
And, of course, the film has gore gore, violence violence. The film caters to fans of the Conan-esque genre (gritty violence, barbarian characters, bloody gore action) and, surprisingly, the heavy metal genre.
The Isaac Asimov-esque robot, the massive flood, the large-scale destruction of the undercity, the masses of vehicles travelling outside, the huge interactive set-pieces - every visual element of this movie is absolutely stunning.
In the far future in a large New York-esque city, it seems workers are struggling with people called "Thinkers" who are like the bosses that makes plans and being a big corporation.
I originally found this video on Netflix, and watched everything but it. I kind of assumed it would be a cheesy Lifetime-esque movie (don't get me wrong I love Lifetime, you just have to be in a certain mood).
Agent 86 used a variety of Bond-esque devices, notably his shoe, which contained a phone and other doo-dads to help him get through each episode.
Jonathan Glazer's Sexy Beast. (The only other exceptions would be Gangster No.1 and Guy Ritchie's own highly Lock Stock-esque Snatch).
 Kelsey Grammar is also very slick as the smarmy Hard Copy-esque tabloid news personality.
 Absolutely.  If you are expecting, however, a nail-biting thriller or a creepy X-Files-esque mystery, you won't really find it.
The girl warrior is quite easy on the eyes but the Frankenstein-esque warrior is just so funny it's sad.
"T2" immediately does away with the Del James-esque poetics of the first film and goes for pure commercialism.
 He has zero, and I mean no chemistry with the barbie-esque Christie, who only needs a gingham dress to remind me of one of the gals from Petticoat Junction.
His near silent performance steals every scene in a Chaplin / Keaton-esque way.
Rifftrax [...] announced that on 2/19/2007 they will release the "Mystery science theater 3000-esque" commentary track for this "classic".
 The same types of fade outs are used and the ending was shocking but in a sixth sense -esque way.
As it turns out, Sam, with Keaton-esque antics and eccentric nature, is just the housekeeper that Joon has been looking for, and they fall in love.
 The physical comedy and capturing that Keaton/Chaplin-esque style was fantastic and the same can be said with the brother and sister chemistry between Aidan Quinn and Mary Stuart Masterson.
 My guess, in reference to the demograph, would be males age 18-35.  The lesbian-esque orgies, excessive violence, and male dominated roles all inclined to attract that target crowd.
It's not for the kiddies, but it's the best of the new HBO-Home-Theater-esque TV serial.
Wimmer draws not only on his own Equilibrium, but also on vampire movies and basically any generic sci-fi-esque thriller, and combines them all together with Milla Jovovich, who does a decent job at selling her character and looks pretty darned good too.
The Ant Bully (John A. Davis, 2006)<br /><br />Davis (Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius) returns with this Pixar-esque kids' flick that is, in reality, not for kids.
Herman Rosse famous for his set designs created the other-worldly-esque, gothic watchtower laboratory.
 That's 100% good with me so right away I was expecting a Kubrick-esque film.
Oddly enough, the Bladerunner-esque buildings throughout the movie also help to establish the feeling of urgency, and the sensation of teetering on the edge of something great, something that we cannot possibly understand.
 While I heartily enjoy the Pixar films and many other 3D-esque animated features.
Weird little Chucky-esque dolls pound on drums (poorly animated) while he leaps around psychedelic tribal imagery for no apparent reason.
 The Burroughs-esque world portrayed here by Cronenberg is dark and stark, providing the perfect ambience for this sinister story.
The suspense was incredible, the camera work was great (with several Hitchcock-esque shots added in the mix), the plot was nicely twisted.
 That neither Bridges nor Robbins are Superstar Icons with Tom Cruise-like looks or Schwarzenegger-esque muscles makes the film all the more believable.
 To my delight, it was very thrilling and Hitchcock-esque in nature.
nature and eventually discover the Andromeda Strain's weakness in a very H.G. Wells-esque realization.
Natalie Portman sports one of the best, most adorable Pageboy Bobs in the universe. Her amazing "young Uma Thurman-esque" face and voice and acting are amplified 100-fold by the hairstyle that she so unfortnuatly had for only this one movie.
It has a rather Giant Robo-esque vibe, though without the actual giant robots and lacking much of the melodrama and complex backstory.
so werewolves and vampires were out, Satanism in. So here we get a Wheatley-esque story of powerful people sucked into devil-worship grafted onto an old fashioned Dracula story.
Watch it. Love it. Learn the words. Sing along. Obsess over the awesomeness that is Whedon-esque Easter Eggs.
As you can imagine, the tension rises as everyone accuses everyone else of being an alien, and a Macarthy-esque hunt ensues.
The rest of the supporting cast are equally great, especially Billy Bob Thornton as the James Carville-esque consultant.
 The president (a Clinton-esque Bill Bullman) calls upon military services to fight these creatures.
 <p>Leonardo Dicaprio plays Romeo as a misunderstood James Dean-esque rebel with a mysterious aura about him.
DiCaprio's very Shakespeare-in-the-Park-esque Romeo was rather disappointing.
The sexual humor is abundant, or even extreme at some times, but it's all in good fun.<br /><br />Don't miss the Python-esque battle sequences in the climax.
 In the games, Liu Kang was always one of my least favorite characters, due to his overblown Bruce Lee-esque imitation, but this film removes that, preventing him from being annoying.
So in her big, black pot, she mixes up a batch of pancakes. After seeing LSD-esque spots, anyone who eats the pancakes becomes obscenely happy.
This is a gorgeous fantasy epic with a hefty dose of Monty Python-esque comedy thrown in for good measure.
 The cast is pretty close to all star including Robin Williams, Uma Thurman as a Botticelli-esque Venus, John Neville and even Terry Gilliam himself.
The film has been categorized as Tarantino-esque.
The film has been categorized as Tarantino-esque.
 Bravo to the filmmakers for casting Moore, who vividly portrayed the anguish and Odyssey-esque emotional journey of her character (whose name is Telly).
 Or, perhaps, nobody really knew what the truth was.  Here we had this huge surprise Shyamalan-esque styled ending, but I never really felt as if the actors were on the same page.
We've got a crazy serial killer couple split up by a South Park-esque super villain who plans to turn everybody into zombies.
Much of the movie has a bit of a "Phone Booth"-esque feel to it.
For all of the people who mock Gregg Araki's dialogue, his poor, home-video-esque directing and his sloppy editing, I have one thing to say: you're all correct.
While one might expect a Shatner-esque, over-the-top performance from Carrey, to which we've become accustomed in his comedic work, we are instead given a performance that is both subtle and remarkably powerful.
What do our memories look like if shown as a movie? Dali-esque, if Gondry is to be believed, complete with melting faces.
(He deserves the compliment of 'Kubrick-esque' for this work.
The city becomes something of an "Omega Man-esque" metroscape where everything is available for the taking but lurking in the darkness wait the afflicted ready to attack.
 (You can immediately see the difference the moment Charles Previn's George Gerschwin-esque music kicks in).
 More lighthearted and Back to the Future-esque, but almost as enjoyable.
 Well, there is a bit of inspired casting with Leslie Nielsen as a G.W. Bush-esque president and I always like to see people make fun of "The Village", but ultimately it is pretty much like a Mad Magazine article.
 "Crouching Tiger" surprised many people with it's "Disney-esque" or "Wizard Of Oz" fantasy plot and visuals, but "Hero" defines the understanding of the secret developments of real warriors.
Talk about a good horror movie.  This is not your typical hollywood movie folks.  No hollywood-esque chilling sounds here, just whispery quiet and it works big time!
Unlike the so-so comic book-esque TOMBSTONE, WYATT EARP tells the real story and takes its time doing so.
 This duo evidently wanted to capture a somber Louis L'Amour-esque look on-screen (the costuming is a dead giveaway), as their tragic interpretation of Earp's life story often resembles an Old West version of "The Godfather," replacing mobsters with frontier cops.
 Returning to Missouri to study law under his grandfather (Giorgio E. Tripoli), a judge, he revives a Dante-esque romance with Urilla Sutherland (Annabeth Gish), marries her, loses her to typhoid within a year, and goes on a nine-month drunk that ends when he steals a horse and is bailed out by his father.
For one in this 2008 reboot there are no split screens, no jello-like Hulk, and no weird Bed-nobs and Broomsticks-esque multi-hued screen flashes (when I say flashes I mean the screen doesn't cheaply changed color while silhouetting the actor with a stunned expression on his face.
A great laurel and hardy-esque movie based on the comics.
 That's 100% good with me so right away I was expecting a Kubrick-esque film.
 Reagan gives an almost John Wayne-esque performance (you could almost call him John Wayne Light in this one).
 I also enjoyed the fact that this was not a film riddled with explosions and the Rambo-esque hero.
 From the aptly named Basil of Baker Street to the clever update on the Watson-esque character (Dr.
But it was more than a London-esque test of manhood or rite of passage (though it was certainly that), it was the searching of a poetic soul for meaning, of a highly sensitive and intelligent kid determined to strip away the layers that came between him and the truth, to remove all the masks and see what was behind them.
Eddy (Josh Charles), a transfer student, finds himself assigned to room with a likeable yet Neanderthal-esque, Stuart (Stephen Baldwin), whose primary focus in life includes cutting corners, drinking, and conquering hapless women.
And there's my biggest complaint. Why do so many horror movies feel the need to use the I Know What You Did Last Summer-esque "look, there's gonna be a sequel" ending?
 The "typical" for VanDamme, this movie is very Bruce Lee-esque and highly entertaining!
The movie turns into a whodunnit of sorts, but without resorting to "Scream"-esque cliches.
There's Casey (Elijah Wood), the Steven King-esque nerd, Delilah (Jordana Brewster) the cheerleader/newspaper editor, Stan (Shawn Hatosy) the jock who wants to focus on his grades, Stokely (Clea DuVall) the goth, possibly a lesbian and the fountain of all knowledge on science fiction, Mary Beth (Laura Harris) the new girl from Atlanta, and Zeke (Josh Hartnett) the bad-boy who's the school's local drug dealer.
 I also enjoyed the fact that this was not a film riddled with explosions and the Rambo-esque hero.
 I also enjoyed the fact that this was not a film riddled with explosions and the Rambo-esque hero.
Randolph Mantooth (Emergency) is a John McEnroe-esque hot head with a racket.
male witch).<p>The film is very Cthulhu-esque in its mood.
Pulp Fiction-esque .
Pulp Fiction-esque .
Pulp Fiction-esque .
 I don't find it romantic, European, 1930s-esque, racy, well-acted,.
David Arquette is as funny as ever as the bumbling Barney Fife-esque town sheriff.
Only Dirk pulled this off perfectly and the role will always be his.<br /><br />Dwight Schultz often displays Jim Carrey-esque levels of zany humor as Murdock and there's no doubt the man is a terrific actor.
 Bruce Willis is wonderful as the Rambo-esque superguy who outwits, outplays, and outlasts the heavily-armed killers, and reveals just enough of his tender side to endear his character to the audience.
No one is going to crucify you for not having a Star Wars-esque budget to work with.
There's of course the paladin-esque superheroes like Spider-Man or Superman and there's the anti-heroes like Wolverine or Batman (at his best, so long as he doesn't delve into Miller-machismo).
Yes, it results in some pleasant, disney-esque animation replacing the dull, inconsistent browns of the film, but the storyline suffers.
Splendidly combining live-animal action with Jim Henson-esque animatronics, Noonan's irresistible "Babe" is a story about flouting convention and realizing one's potential.
 Parts are very "Taming of the Shrew"-esque.
 Parts are very "Taming of the Shrew"-esque.
Yes, it results in some pleasant, disney-esque animation replacing the dull, inconsistent browns of the film, but the storyline suffers.
Namely the character Augra is being dubbed with Frank Oz's Miss Piggy-esque voice over and of course there is no music or post-production.
 On the way, he encounters Keira, a girl gelfling, her pomeranian-esque pet, Fizgig (a creature with two sets of teeth and a raging temper), the musical potlins (little hippy creatures who have a lust for life and great music), and many other twists and turns.
Gilda gets wilder to test the limits of this bodyguard and pushes him to the brink. She performs a Latin-esque song/dance number "Amado Mio" that spells out her feelings.
the voice of the prosecutor is done by John Vernon, the actor who portrayed Dean Wormer in Animal House), the EC-esque B-17 (aka Gremlins, which went through so many script revisions, it's a miracle it got finished at all), the bizarrely hilarious So Beautiful And So Dangerous (ok, maybe there's some truth to the juvenilia charges during this segment, but only a corpse could keep from laughing at this piece), and revenge scenario of Taarna (imagine a tougher, sexier version of Xena, only about a decade and a half earlier).
Any fool can guess what the outcome of this CINDERELLA-esque story will be.
Summer Glau, as Supergirl, is terrific, and Ed Asner, as Fagin-esque supervillainess Granny Goodness(!
It's also a good movie to watch and relax to late at night. It's along the lines of a Shyamalon-esque thriller/suspense film and I find that it always delivers when i watch it.
D-Wars is, from start to finish, a series of melodramatic moments highlighted here and there by Power Rangers-esque special effects.
 Amanda Brooks, Roswell's Jason Behr, and Robert Forster star in this flick, which features gigantic, reptilian-esque creatures wreaking havoc as much as one can imagine.
D-Wars is, from start to finish, a series of melodramatic moments highlighted here and there by Power Rangers-esque special effects.
 Amanda Brooks, Roswell's Jason Behr, and Robert Forster star in this flick, which features gigantic, reptilian-esque creatures wreaking havoc as much as one can imagine.
Namely the character Augra is being dubbed with Frank Oz's Miss Piggy-esque voice over and of course there is no music or post-production.
 On the way, he encounters Keira, a girl gelfling, her pomeranian-esque pet, Fizgig (a creature with two sets of teeth and a raging temper), the musical potlins (little hippy creatures who have a lust for life and great music), and many other twists and turns.
I've read the comic multiple times and while I can appreciate Jeph Loeb trying his hand at some Grant Morrison-esque plot twists involving a time-traveling Superman, the film takes out all that convoluted goofiness and is much more accessible to the casual fan.
 Kinski is suitably virgin-esque and McDowell suitably slimy.
Her eyebrow were that exquisite Madonna-esque thickness, her lips in a permanent state of partial openness with full-on pout, her hair cut to that boyish cute, and her shoulder pads speaking volumes about her feminine authority.
 While it is emotional to watch the love story unfold, the eye-candy battle sequences, and the picture-esque view of Scotland, there seemed to be a lacking "meat" to this story.
What it actually is, however, is a pretty funny Mr. Bean-esque romp through England.
Natalie Portman sports one of the best, most adorable Pageboy Bobs in the universe. Her amazing "young Uma Thurman-esque" face and voice and acting are amplified 100-fold by the hairstyle that she so unfortnuatly had for only this one movie.
this movie is only good if ur looking for an old fashion slasher. its abit scream-esque but not as scary.
The Tucker Torpedo. It's done in a very period-esque style, indulging in many styles of the 1940s, from the big band sounds from that era, to the flaky movie style.
 Hearing the name Joss Whedon attached to the film, I had visions of Buffy-esque plot twists gone sci-fi.
This movie contains a bit of everything: Coen-esque directing, which is always a pro, a witty screenplay, funny storyline, very well casted, etc.
quaint at this point. Made in the early 1970s, it features a Joan Baez song and some decidedly hippie-esque trappings.
 And of course Rob Reiner's Capra-esque moment is Shepard fighting back at the end, defending his membership of the ACLU and the rights of his girlfriend to burn flags.
(And it goes beyond this, giving us glimpses of amoral, anti-government, mafia-esque groups in europe and lone seductress-assassins, the latter of which I hadn't assumed actually existed in reality, but perhaps they do.
The score composed by John Powell was all right; It suited the action-esque atmosphere in the movie but you'll be hard pressed to even bother paying attention to it.
And finally, Anna Paquin concludes her pointless attempt at conceptualizing Rogue. Instead of the Southern, wonder girl-esque charm, there is the typical $5.
Another is the attempt to have a Crash/Magnolia-esque intersecting storylines as part of the set-up to make things interesting and it made me care about the characters before their inevitable deaths.
this isn't an alien film so don't expect to be rewarded by classic alien-esque suspense.
It offers suspense and has it's moments that make me jump. It's the perfect drama-esque film.
This particular movie is not Harry Potter. It is Harry Potter-esque.
Harry is a suitably stroppy teenager, in fact really stroppy, and the whole plot seems to be fairly "woe is me"-esque.
It's a beautiful masterwork that takes a certain Narron/Dorinsky-esque look at how retarded you are for reading this review.
The anti-UN element is perhaps the most sophisticated satire in the film (though I was mildly amused by the Clutch Cargo-esque pseudo-tribute called "How to Throw a Tantrum.
It could be the soundtrack that recalls AMERICAN GRAFFITI. It could be director Paul Thomas Anderson's Scorcese-esque approach to the filming.
Everyone here is pitch-perfect: Hepburn, Holden, Bogie and the incomparable Billy Wilder.  This is a classic Cinderella-esque story of a young, poor girl hopelessly in love with the son of her father's employer.
The Isaac Asimov-esque robot, the massive flood, the large-scale destruction of the undercity, the masses of vehicles travelling outside, the huge interactive set-pieces - every visual element of this movie is absolutely stunning.
In the far future in a large New York-esque city, it seems workers are struggling with people called "Thinkers" who are like the bosses that makes plans and being a big corporation.
The Roaring 20s fascinate me; and especially when combined with Tinseltown lore. Add to that a Hollywood Babylon-esque murder mystery (which may or may not have taken place), and how could I say no?
Every fight scene and car chase (yes, there is more than one car chase) is loaded with Michael Bay-esque hand-held hyper-cuts.
Eventually the nest is traced to the giant Godzilla-esque storage shed behind the club, and the heroes and the DEA agent have a climactic battle of a silly yet disgusting kind.
 Large explosions and violence countered with a sneaky Sneakers-esque style subplot overshadowed the plot.
Watching this movie, I was struck by the fact that no matter how quickly fashions change in the jungle-esque hubs of the capitalist world's great metropolises: clothes, clubs, music - it's all here one day but by next week its shuffled out by the next wave of whatever - the fundamental dynamics of growing out of adolescence in these places is still the same, some twenty five years on.
 The events of Dark of the Moon cause Optimus to move away from the Superman-esque leader of the original film and into the realm of a vengeful anti-hero.
The music shifts to a Sousa-esque brass band version of the tune as the camera shifts to a huge gunboat rumbling along in Grant's wake.
I think both are partially correct; the idea of the Rube Goldberg-esque supernatural death almost certainly came down to Final Destination through the original Omen, but the feel of the deaths here is very twenty-first century.
It also seems a little pretentious at times, particularly towards the end when Jackman experiences a Buddha-esque transcendence.
Next up is the Spectre, which takes a different tone with a creepy film noir-esque vibe.
But more importantly, his acting was tepid and his assumed accent was an abomination. It vacillated from Spanish-esque, French-esque, to Irish brogue, and sort of settled in the Irish range for the duration of the movie.
Even though it has been said that this movie is Matrix-esque, the feeling will pass as soon as you notice that these characters and story stand on their own feet well enough, and with a solid ending, no extremely obvious loose ends or loop-holes, and best of all, no sprinkle-in-a-sex-scene rubbish this is THE movie to see next friday night.
Nightmares, hello! He appears in an almost Adam & Eve-esque scenario.
Each of them represents a philosophy. Vernita Green is the repentant killer; O-Ren is the megalomaniacal, Caligula-esque nihilist; Budd is a fatalistic, quiet nihilist; Elle is ambitious, cruel and spiteful.
Fun and Tarantino-esque, but wait for the special ed.
The clever way it was filmed, which was quite  Blair Witch Project-esque (but in a classy way), brings you into the  action.
The clever way it was filmed, which was quite  Blair Witch Project-esque (but in a classy way), brings you into the  action.
Plus in Survival of the Dead there's this whole Hatfield versus McCoy's-esque thing going on, which to me was just a distraction from what I was really here for: Zombies chasing people around in a world gone mad.
Plus in Survival of the Dead there's this whole Hatfield versus McCoy's-esque thing going on, which to me was just a distraction from what I was really here for: Zombies chasing people around in a world gone mad.
This movie is almost Parent Trap-esque with Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen playing two different girls, yet it also has definite overtones of the Prince and the Pauper.
But Reynold's psychotic Johnny-esque preformance was definitely worth admission price on the day after opening.
 He soon abondons his Kafka-esque existence and stops going to work, dumps his nagging b**tch of a girlfriend, and gets the courage to ask out a disgruntled waitress (Aniston).
 I will also state that there were some "Matrix-esque" signature CG moments that were done very well.
And to my parents credit; they never once did that Zoolander-esque mug at the camera like he does after he finishes whatever abortion of Louis C.
A Tim Curry-esque (Matt) comic relief: that is only slightly realized and comes off like luke-warm weak tea on a cold day.
Who scored this?<br />8. Character montage scenes that are as dull as they are acted.<br />9. Donnie Darko-esque time warp movements that seem contrived and out of place.
He uses this newly found ability to sketch (what I found to be) the surprising large number of model-esque supermarket patrons.
But it takes a tripper after some drug use for him to reconsider. Reluctantly (VERY reluctantly, almost a la C.S. Lewis-esque) accepting Jesus, he decides to use a useful skill of his (construction) to build a new area for orphans.
S plays an ex-FBI agent who had to retire for various Dirty Harry-esque actions/brutality.
The musical style was a mix of Zappa-esque jazzy Prog, mixed with medieval English influences.
Barnyard is no exception.<br /><br />The overall story is a subpar Lion King-esque ripoff with Sam Elliot as the patriarch of the barnyard and Kevin James as the young partying cow who doesn't take life seriously.
Pierce Brosnan heats up the screen with Rene Russo in this hot little remake.  Although Bond-esque characteristics are present, Brosnan delivers a look at his corrupt and witty side as an actor.
Splendidly combining live-animal action with Jim Henson-esque animatronics, Noonan's irresistible "Babe" is a story about flouting convention and realizing one's potential.
 Instead of the majestic and ambitious 2001-esque Star Trek: The Motion Picture, with it's so Roddenberry-esque tale of different life forms communicating, understanding and actually combining, we have big spaceships firing laser weapons at each other and plenty of boring running, jumping and falling down - if TMP had the ambition to take Kubrick as it's model, WOK settled for the considerably inferior Lucas.
She becomes high-class bait, caught between David Brian's semi-legit megalomaniac and pretty-boy Steve Cochran's Bugsy-esque mobster.
Well, except for Liam, of course, who can even recite a poem his dad wrote, something Hemingway-esque, nihilistic and macho.
 Armstrong's physicality strikes me as a bit Brad Pitt-esque, with scruffy beard, and his interpretation of Robin grew on me as I got into the series more.
Those of you who don't get the whole Python-esque humor won't appreciate this either.
Actually, this is pretty much the whole movie. David Cronenberg's Matrix-esque film was one of the many cyberpunk films of 1999, among &quot;The Matrix,&quot; &quot;The Thirteenth Floor,&quot; and &quot;Menno's Mind.
Ironically, music from Danny Elfman also succeeds in giving this film that sort of superhero, Burton Batman-esque feel as well, which is a strange coincidence considering they were all made around the same period, but with vastly different reception.
 Director Rick Rosenthal (who directed the latest Halloween: Resurrection) decided to go without most of the cat & mouse-esque Carpenter style suspense of the first film, opting instead to make the film much more graphic than the original.
 Was it a Saw-esque police drama about a ruthless serial killer?
I respect your right to not like this movie.<br /><br />"Elephant" is a response to the rash of Columbine-esque killings.
This film  gives no explanation, no backstory, and no judgment as it presents a Columbine-esque tragedy at a high school: two boys plan to shoot as many people as they can on a regular afternoon when everyone is going about their business and nobody sees it coming.
 This is not the shoddy Ted Turner-esque colorization of the 1980s, and the advance of technology in the interim decades certainly shows in a positive way.
That's another thing about the show, it never strays in Lifetime-esque dramatics when it comes to characters dying.
Is there a goofy synth score on hand? Yep. Generic Rocky-esque theme song?
Pierce Brosnan heats up the screen with Rene Russo in this hot little remake.  Although Bond-esque characteristics are present, Brosnan delivers a look at his corrupt and witty side as an actor.
I wanted to like this movie. I really did. Edgy Barry Levinson-esque camerawork, some truly funny moments, an A-list cast who must have worked for scale, the whole nine yards.
I wanted to like this movie. I really did. Edgy Barry Levinson-esque camerawork, some truly funny moments, an A-list cast who must have worked for scale, the whole nine yards.
Vance, and other actors who are less well known.  The part of the Milla-Jo-esque "tough beauty" is played by Lauren German, who somehow succumbs to the radiation sickness much more slowly than the rest of the survivors, I guess so she could remain pretty-looking for a longer time.
Only thing that might have been AKIRA-esque would be some of the BIO weapons in a breif portion of the film.
Why would he cut an important keystone of the book's plot? Yet he decides to replace that with Cuban Missile Crisis-esque conflict down on Earth, which feels incredibly irrelevant in present year of 2004.
 Add to that the fact that she has Audrey Hepburn-esque beauty (a grand statement to make, I know, but she won me over on first glance), and you'd think she'd be a star for a long time.
 (You can immediately see the difference the moment Charles Previn's George Gerschwin-esque music kicks in).
The animation on this movie was very Beast Wars-esque.
As the opening Addams Family-esque credits by Pablo Ferro rolled over blatant love scenes between planes and phallic missiles and meadow lark love scene music trickled to my ears, I knew I was in for a treat.
Once I'd seen it, I can't say I was let down by this film, it was a thrilling little Giallo-esque number that included a black-gloved mystery murderer, possible incest, child abuse, gross corpses, a deformed evil twin, some hot women and seriously graphic scenes of death and dismemberment.
 He has fantasies about being a rock star and, wouldn't you know it, grows up to be a Hitler-esque dictator.
Not only do I hear snippets of Car 54-esque motifs in Mr.
Gritty naturalism and Altman-esque crosstalk amid great Bay City location work inform this 70s procedural that entertains but misses the mark of being a classic.
Didn't really make much sense to stupid me. <p>Don't go into this expecting a great, Armageddon-esque film.
Sandler doesn't feel miscast, in fact he's quite good, despite some Sandler-esque bits (his dialogue during a rather strange love scene is very reminiscent of his other stuff) but I think his presence suggests this is going to be a low-brow humor geared to frat boys.
if you are looking for a Dirty Harry-esque cool fest from eastwood, you will be dissappointed.
Not to mention, there is a huge terminator-esque bio-weapon running around.
Her super solider-esque, Matrix-like fighting techniques was a treat to watch.
The only way this would have been more offensive and cliched is if they had some Vaudeville-esque performer in blackface tap-dancing and eating watermelon throughout the film.
 The same types of fade outs are used and the ending was shocking but in a sixth sense -esque way.
Infighting within the band, a mysterious Yoko Ono-esque character, and the band's inability to make it from the dressing room to the stage without getting lost don't help the cause, either.
Blending period drama, Shogun Assassin-style ultra-violence, comedy and Stomp-esque musical interludes, Takeshi Kitano's "Zatoichi" is probably the most audacious film to have come out of Japan so far this decade.
 well, it deserves the "praise".  julie andrews is cast as a mata hari-esque double agent in ww1, and a truly awful rock hudson goes thru the motions as her american fly boy lover, in a role that ***might*** have worked better if cast with a subtler actor, e.
and proceeds to chase the surfers on to the island." More disinterest. "Where they encounter some Rambo-esque militarists and jungle booby traps a la Indiana Jones.
Aside from the obvious fights with The Lizard that would've been too difficult to stage physically, the parkour-esque running around on walls, the acrobatic flips and mid-air twists, and even the way he slinged his arms and shot his webbing felt a lot more in-tune with the character.
There's one sequence where a &quot;Godfather&quot;-esque character is upset about a family member's death, tosses up his arms, and the camera literally stays with the group for a minute afterwards as the actors kick dirt around and fidget, apparently anxious for the director to yell &quot;Cut!
This film is as Burton-esque as BEETLEJUICE, EDWARD SCISSORHANDS and BATMAN RETURNS (and everything else that Burton has done).
Frankenstein. Shelley Duvall and Daniel Stern play his very Leave It To Beaver-esque parents.
Along with the use of natural sound, it creates a credible documentary-esque ambience.
Gritty naturalism and Altman-esque crosstalk amid great Bay City location work inform this 70s procedural that entertains but misses the mark of being a classic.
 I used to think Burchuladse was affecting his exaggeratedly deep vowels and Hotter-esque wobble but watching him I see it's just his natural vocal shape and size, which are extreme.
And holy crap, Madonna is in this picture and there isn't a single cover song or cameo-esque feel.
This is not a boring documentary nor is it the Disney-esque fare that you seen in the trailer, however its not depressing by any means.
Personally, that's my favourite part of the film; an almost storybook-esque sequence and still so breathtakingly fluid and full of life, living Po's dream of his possible life as a warrior.
As far as urban Frankenstein-esque movies go, Indestructible Man isn't that bad; the decision to have Chaney utter no lines whatsoever after his execution and resurrection seems like a wise move, but then you think about how many additional lines this threw Max Showalter's way.
the bus ride,  the post office, the climactic MAN WHO KNEW TOO MUCH-esque ballet sequence and the fight in the cottage.
 Tim Robbins (playing a Bill Gates-esque character) spins a web as the BLACK WIDOW of silicon valley to entice, manipulate and force Ryan Phillipe's character to create the greatest communications network in the world.
For the first hour this movie says nothing and goes nowhere except to a "Smallville"-esque high school where typical teen angst-ridden drama ensues complete with a soundtrack of popular "in" music only and reels of product placement.
In fact, my brother is the bloke with the Cool for Cat-esque SQUEEZE tattoo you see in this documentary.
Alas, Roger became too old and went.<br />Dalton brought another Bond, more fleming-esque.
 For his fifth film, "There Will Be Blood," Anderson has set aside his trademark Altman-esque lushness for a style which recalls Francis Ford Coppola in his prime.
Though it has a more Kubrick-esque approach, the director, P.
As for Pierce Brosnan, well this is #3 for him so he's still as suave and Bond-esque with the action hero coming into play whenever he needs to.
Connery-esque!
 His Fellini-esque Fabrizio (in &quot;Why do some women  have trouble achieving orgasm?
 While I heartily enjoy the Pixar films and many other 3D-esque animated features.
Weird little Chucky-esque dolls pound on drums (poorly animated) while he leaps around psychedelic tribal imagery for no apparent reason.
 However, the films greatest strength is its style.  From the great special effects, seamless CGI enhancements, Elfman-esque soundtrack, distinct cinematography, and consistent bombardment of Halloween imagery to tie it all together, Dougherty has crafted a nearly perfect movie destined for cult-classic status.
 Then the music washed in and the frame expanded to a very Widescreen John Carpenter-esque Panavision shot with flickering jack o' lanterns in the corner and a Little Red Riding Hood walking through some moonlit woods.
Instead I was disappointed to find an Indianna Jones-esque adventure.
 While I heartily enjoy the Pixar films and many other 3D-esque animated features.
Weird little Chucky-esque dolls pound on drums (poorly animated) while he leaps around psychedelic tribal imagery for no apparent reason.
if you are looking for a Dirty Harry-esque cool fest from eastwood, you will be dissappointed.
 The song is cool but the middle eastern-esque keyboard breaks get annoying when we all know that Jimmy Page could be soloing.
What's special about Almodovar films is that he is able to explore the naked-ness of humanity creating this "Othello"-esque scenario wherein people are exposed as people -- human enough to feel, be hurt and heal.
The action scenes are very dry cut and not so megaexplosive huge blockbuster boy movie-esque, but really aren't those available everywhere?
Depp's performance was too Michael Jackson-esque for my liking.
For, make no mistake, Tim Burton's adaptation of Roald Dahl's classic novel, is very "Burton-esque.
The real star of this story is not the quasi-humans who populate its color-saturated Dali-esque landscape, but the candy around whom their lives center.
Look also for the "Sgt. Pepper"-esque nut house with the (largely real) team of nut-cracking squirrels, the "2001: Space Odyssey" (with the bombastic Strauss fanfare) WonkaVision studios, and other touches that really make Depp, in particular, such a marvelously spooky-kooky guy.
Therefore if you are not a child, but still enjoy dooby-enhanced mind trip or generally odd, Alice-in-Wonderland-esque stories, then you will find interest in this movie.
 The initial scenes of Charlie's crooked, dilapidated house and the huge city that surrounds it are as Dahl-esque as you can hope for.
 They're almost DALI-esque, in fact.
 Ripping from the pages of what seems like a Crichton-esque medical drama, Cohen pulls the myths of diabetes into the world of comic book artists and paranoid cops.
It's hardly the likes of Kubrik-esque depth, but it stays with you.
 The apes inhabit a Flintstone-esque city and are divided into three different castes, the Orangutangs, who are the politicans and keepers of the faith, and seemingly the caste in absolute control, the Gorillas, whoa re the workers and the soldiers, and who seem to occupy the lowest position, and the Chimpanzees, who are the scientists and intellectuals.
However, his Peter  Jackson-esque sense of humor does not fit in though.
 It is utterly and completely lacking of the fairy tale-esque brightness he usually brings to his films.
<p>This movie was excellent. A wonderful feel to it; very &quot;Mission: Impossible-esque.
Paul W. S. Anderson (writer and director) chose the slow, horror-esque build up of the original 'Alien' over the action adventure feeling of 'Aliens'.
quaint at this point. Made in the early 1970s, it features a Joan Baez song and some decidedly hippie-esque trappings.
Andrews has a crackling Bogart-esque presence here, which makes us like the only honest guy in the movie, and Webb is brilliant as the tart-tongued, frustrated Waldo, who sees Laura as his personal Galatea.
Watch it. Love it. Learn the words. Sing along. Obsess over the awesomeness that is Whedon-esque Easter Eggs.
Unlike Grant, Anthony Andrews plays Sir Percival Blakeney's dandy-esque persona to absolute perfection - but he's also just as believable when throwing on other disguises or when he drops the acts all together and becomes the real man of action.
 It made the penguin seem even more bizarre, because all he listened to was this elevator-esque organ music oozing out of the radio.
The cheap looking quality made it look almost documentary-esque, as if you're right there with them.
I don't begrudge them these things but the show is supposed to be about a normal family, not some made for TV Monkee-esque family that deals with fame- not at least when they are crying "poor us" to churches and accepting love offerings and $20/pic of their kids.
The cheap looking quality made it look almost documentary-esque, as if you're right there with them.
So, do you like your juice box shaken or stirred?<br /><br />Well, the James Bond-esque Pablo likes his shaken, thank-you-very-much!
 Kinski is suitably virgin-esque and McDowell suitably slimy.
Her eyebrow were that exquisite Madonna-esque thickness, her lips in a permanent state of partial openness with full-on pout, her hair cut to that boyish cute, and her shoulder pads speaking volumes about her feminine authority.
I was very surprised watching this ancient dungeons and dragons-esque film.
Many parts of the movie make me laugh out loud. Especially the scenes with Oldman and his Newton-esque experiments.
The glorious nuances of their expression and delivery contrast very nicely with their Laurel and Hardy-esque interpretation of the two characters.
 But, I will say that the aspect of the movie that was Cloverfield-esque, though somewhat disappointing, does not completely ruin the movie.
Considering the Columbine type content, I'm surprised it hasn't been banned. It's an 80's shocker, kind of Fight Club-esque.
After Veronica begins to despise her supposed friends, she meets up with Jason Dean, played by the young "Jack Nicholson-esque" Christian Slater, whom helps to escalate this hatred for the Heathers (and some others.
This film is chocka block jampacked full of Spinal Tap-esque performances, spandex and profundities.
This motivates Rocky to get back to the ring and make a George Foreman-esque comeback for the ages.
These movies are dripping with sexism, machismo and bond-esque energy, while being driven by the lovable Dean-o and a solid line up of supporting character actors, including the delicious Stella Stevens.
 Don't fool yourselves into thinking that anything Carpenter-esque is in this film.
The sexual humor is abundant, or even extreme at some times, but it's all in good fun.<br /><br />Don't miss the Python-esque battle sequences in the climax.
 It doesn't matter much these days what the topic surrounds, as long as there are long picture-esque images of Americana (or some other country), coupled with a tender moment, a blasting score, and sympathy towards anything - than the epic will reign supreme.
Even the absurdity is predictable.<br /><br />I imagine this was conceived as a Charlie Kaufman-esque type of story, but it lacks the spontaneity and wit that Kaufman has employed to good effect.
Is Sandler pushing the envelope as a woman? Sure, that is the point. Very Tootsie and Mrs. Doubtfire-esque.
Particularly, Kathy's cheerleader-esque "one more taaaaaaaime!
 It didn't really feel like an adventure, as one might assume from her Indiana Jones-esque character.
Pepper and Green play their Reservoir-Dogs-esque roles capably, though as the film progresses the roles themselves get more ludicrous.
Die hard alien enthusiast impaled themselves on Giger-esque protrusions the second this movie came out.
"T2" immediately does away with the Del James-esque poetics of the first film and goes for pure commercialism.
Nightmares, hello! He appears in an almost Adam & Eve-esque scenario.
 There is still a sort of Rocky-esque flavour hovering around the set, with foreshadowing and important plot points steamrolled over by the seemingly non-sequitor dialogue and zany goings-on, but I didn`t find that this damaged the entertainment value any more than it did RH.
 TRAINING DAY is a film with no special effects, no colorful cinematography, and no Picasso-esque art direction - just a movie that slaps you upside the hide from start to finish, with two powerhouse performances that stay with you long after the closing credits.
As I said, I liked the weird, NIGHT GALLERY-esque beginning a lot.
In "Lost Boys: The Thirst", Corey Feldman returns as Edgar Frog. He is hired by a Stephanie Meyer-esque bookwriter, who also shares a similar, unrealistic take on vampires, to find her brother, who was kidnapped by bloodsuckers.
The Thirst i grew more and more disappointed as i realized it just simply wasn't delivering. it had way to much Blade-esque to it, and i'm not sexiest but the female vampires just seemed to be selling sex in most of there scenes instead of being, well cool.
Gondry's efforts (the refreshingly old-fashioned "Human Behaviour", the Gilliam-esque "Army Of Me", the timeless black-and-white hues of "Isobel", the colour explosions of "Hyperballad", the sweeping "Joga" and the filmic saga of "Bachelorette") are amazing in their evocation of colour and storytelling, and cement greater things to expect from the Frenchman, who went on to make "Human Nature" with Patricia Arquette, Rhys Ifans and Tim Robbins.
The people waiting at the train station only to watch stunned as it races by empty and on fire is also a good Spielberg-esque moment.
In fact, Hopper portrays the ruthless Fiddler's Green executive with a certain Rumsfeld-esque and Cheney-esque approach.
He spews the Nazi-esque propaganda with nary a flaw or pause, his powerful preaching frightening convincing at times.
 Kiefer Sutherland's Peter Lorre-esque dialogue is kind of annoying, but you get used to it, and it's interesting to see him so vulnerable and weak, like Bruce Willis in "12 Monkeys" or Denzel Washington in "The Manchurian Candidate (2004)".
 Rufus Sewell, Jennifer Connoly, and William Hurt are more than passable, and Kiefer Sutherland's perfomance as a Lorre-esque psychologist must be seen to be believed.
Here we have a teen-aged Goku that is forced into the Hollywood-esque cookie cutter of powerful teenage boy that lacks self-confidence and must deal with bullies in High-school, albeit in a slightly different way than we're used to.
Did we really need more Transformer-esque morphing vehicles with their heavily angular design?
Goku is insecure and a bit of a weiner.<br />32. The action was very un-Dragonball-esque.
In Tarantino-esque fashion, it's ingenious, irreverent, violent and vulgar, but like me, you'll watch it and probably enjoy it.
 Kitano is a darker, more sinister Zatoichi, and the action is a lot more Tarantino-esque.
I didn't even mind the &quot;Fantasia&quot; ending, Dr. Reinhardt and Maximillian togther in a &quot;Dante-esque&quot; hell.
 It is this Bonnie and Clyde-esque story arc that is the heart of these twelve episodes and as long as the show follows this trajectory, it is as as riveting ever.
 Similar to films like "Little Miss Sunshine" and "Observe in Report," "Youth in Revolt" is an indie-esque movie with amazing performances praising its great source material.
 To my delight, it was very thrilling and Hitchcock-esque in nature.
And while Faye undeniably gets the right bandmember in the end, Lamarr the concierge's 'Love Boat'-esque intervention in the process is wholly unnecessary.
 He soon abondons his Kafka-esque existence and stops going to work, dumps his nagging b**tch of a girlfriend, and gets the courage to ask out a disgruntled waitress (Aniston).
The Isaac Asimov-esque robot, the massive flood, the large-scale destruction of the undercity, the masses of vehicles travelling outside, the huge interactive set-pieces - every visual element of this movie is absolutely stunning.
In the far future in a large New York-esque city, it seems workers are struggling with people called "Thinkers" who are like the bosses that makes plans and being a big corporation.
The soundtrack is  fantastic, too - lots of edgy 'braindance' from Warp-esque artists,  available on a great CD.
There's a groovy soundtrack featuring some Warp-esque techno acts, lots of quotable lines, and although the central story is basically Arthur C.
It's not surprising that Kronos reminds one a bit of a Tarantino film at times. This Spaghetti Western-esque vampire flick is actually a fave of the American director and many other filmmakers today.
 It almost reminded me of the Japanese series Lone Wolf & Cub, especially the showdown in the Kurosawa-esque oppressive, sheeting rain.
But that's so strange, isn't it,...Tom Hanks in a mobster-esque role,.
Alas, Roger became too old and went.<br />Dalton brought another Bond, more fleming-esque.
 The movie, as someone mentioned, AS USUAL, was "Hollywood-esqued" but still has a wonderful surprise ending.
 And of course Rob Reiner's Capra-esque moment is Shepard fighting back at the end, defending his membership of the ACLU and the rights of his girlfriend to burn flags.
 He has zero, and I mean no chemistry with the barbie-esque Christie, who only needs a gingham dress to remind me of one of the gals from Petticoat Junction.
Propelled by Matt Munro's Sinatra-esque rendition of the memorable title tune, this family-friendly nature film directed by James Hill was a must-see when it was originally released in 1966.
No, no Kafka-esque sense of danger.
Splendidly combining live-animal action with Jim Henson-esque animatronics, Noonan's irresistible "Babe" is a story about flouting convention and realizing one's potential.
Splendidly combining live-animal action with Jim Henson-esque animatronics, Noonan's irresistible "Babe" is a story about flouting convention and realizing one's potential.
Splendidly combining live-animal action with Jim Henson-esque animatronics, Noonan's irresistible "Babe" is a story about flouting convention and realizing one's potential.
 The acting is goofy, the special effects are &quot;Clash of the Titans&quot;-esque, and Ash seems to get his shotgun out of nowhere after coming out of the pit; but, you love it anyway cause its funny and good for a viewing at anytime of the day or night.
 To show off contemporary versions (circa 1990) of Ray Harryhausen-esque stop-motion techniques:<p>The special effects, while dated in the face of CGI prodigiousness, are enormous and spectacular.
 Mumbles almost has this Michael Jackson-esque quality about him.
Crisp, gorgeous ice and artic landscapes, almost feels National Geographic-esque at times.
 Probably the most appropriate scene using bad language was between Vivi and Teensie during a "chicken-esque" car scene.
His mother Layla is an alcoholic and his father Luke is a Willie Lowman-esque type who believes he's bigger than his small life.
Yes, it was a little High Fidelity-esque as it recounted relationships-gone-by, but it was new life in an old mold.
Depp's performance was too Michael Jackson-esque for my liking.
For, make no mistake, Tim Burton's adaptation of Roald Dahl's classic novel, is very "Burton-esque.
The real star of this story is not the quasi-humans who populate its color-saturated Dali-esque landscape, but the candy around whom their lives center.
Look also for the "Sgt. Pepper"-esque nut house with the (largely real) team of nut-cracking squirrels, the "2001: Space Odyssey" (with the bombastic Strauss fanfare) WonkaVision studios, and other touches that really make Depp, in particular, such a marvelously spooky-kooky guy.
Therefore if you are not a child, but still enjoy dooby-enhanced mind trip or generally odd, Alice-in-Wonderland-esque stories, then you will find interest in this movie.
 The initial scenes of Charlie's crooked, dilapidated house and the huge city that surrounds it are as Dahl-esque as you can hope for.
 They're almost DALI-esque, in fact.
Reitman seems fully capable of bringing an acidic flavor to the most Capra-esque situation.
 Once again..very "fight club"-esque in its dark humor nature.
so werewolves and vampires were out, Satanism in. So here we get a Wheatley-esque story of powerful people sucked into devil-worship grafted onto an old fashioned Dracula story.
Depp's performance was too Michael Jackson-esque for my liking.
For, make no mistake, Tim Burton's adaptation of Roald Dahl's classic novel, is very "Burton-esque.
The real star of this story is not the quasi-humans who populate its color-saturated Dali-esque landscape, but the candy around whom their lives center.
Look also for the "Sgt. Pepper"-esque nut house with the (largely real) team of nut-cracking squirrels, the "2001: Space Odyssey" (with the bombastic Strauss fanfare) WonkaVision studios, and other touches that really make Depp, in particular, such a marvelously spooky-kooky guy.
Therefore if you are not a child, but still enjoy dooby-enhanced mind trip or generally odd, Alice-in-Wonderland-esque stories, then you will find interest in this movie.
 The initial scenes of Charlie's crooked, dilapidated house and the huge city that surrounds it are as Dahl-esque as you can hope for.
 They're almost DALI-esque, in fact.
I think both are partially correct; the idea of the Rube Goldberg-esque supernatural death almost certainly came down to Final Destination through the original Omen, but the feel of the deaths here is very twenty-first century.
 It doesn't matter much these days what the topic surrounds, as long as there are long picture-esque images of Americana (or some other country), coupled with a tender moment, a blasting score, and sympathy towards anything - than the epic will reign supreme.
 The show here is a sleezy Jerry-Springer-esque show, just to increase the pressure for the main character, played by Brittany Murphy.
 If you're looking for a good Meg Ryan-esque light-hearted comedy, look elsewhere.
 The apes inhabit a Flintstone-esque city and are divided into three different castes, the Orangutangs, who are the politicans and keepers of the faith, and seemingly the caste in absolute control, the Gorillas, whoa re the workers and the soldiers, and who seem to occupy the lowest position, and the Chimpanzees, who are the scientists and intellectuals.
 The apes inhabit a Flintstone-esque city and are divided into three different castes, the Orangutangs, who are the politicans and keepers of the faith, and seemingly the caste in absolute control, the Gorillas, whoa re the workers and the soldiers, and who seem to occupy the lowest position, and the Chimpanzees, who are the scientists and intellectuals.
 The apes inhabit a Flintstone-esque city and are divided into three different castes, the Orangutangs, who are the politicans and keepers of the faith, and seemingly the caste in absolute control, the Gorillas, whoa re the workers and the soldiers, and who seem to occupy the lowest position, and the Chimpanzees, who are the scientists and intellectuals.
Those of you who don't get the whole Python-esque humor won't appreciate this either.
Disney (or Disney-esque, I'm not sure of the studio) movie with Billy Bob Thornton as a failed astronaut who is building his own rocket on a farm in the Midwest, with the intention of launching it.
Eventually, he settles his differences in a Fight Club-esque manner -- which is more ridiculous than it sounds -- in order to make way for some more subplots that make absolutely no sense and go nowhere.
evil), and comes out on top (he turns out good)! He is the quintessiantal human character, "Odyssey-esque" (as old Cock used to say), an everyman for today.
The Ant Bully (John A. Davis, 2006)<br /><br />Davis (Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius) returns with this Pixar-esque kids' flick that is, in reality, not for kids.
The Ant Bully (John A. Davis, 2006)<br /><br />Davis (Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius) returns with this Pixar-esque kids' flick that is, in reality, not for kids.
quaint at this point. Made in the early 1970s, it features a Joan Baez song and some decidedly hippie-esque trappings.
It's true. A talking alien plant set to take over the world, a hero out of a zero, three Ronettes-esque ladies with fantastic voices, a sadistic dentist - this movie is awesome.
 This is not the shoddy Ted Turner-esque colorization of the 1980s, and the advance of technology in the interim decades certainly shows in a positive way.
I have to admit that I liked the epcot-esque city in which this story is based.
The Ying-n-Yang of friends. They're similar in that Vaughn is that same kind of lounge-lizard-esque con man without a con, dimwitted with an air of ill-placed superiority and Favreau is his signature calm steady, studying fellow just trying to make it in the big bad voodoo world.
 What's the point?  Every time civilization is engulfed in some sort of cannibalistic, zombie-esque plague many questions get begged and then I fail to enjoy the movie.
Where Smith usually shines, in his predictable hero-esque roles, he fails here--as a scientist who experiment goes wrong.
 I'm glad the directors took a different approach to the Twilight Zone-esque themes of vampires that the original book took.
 TRAINING DAY is a film with no special effects, no colorful cinematography, and no Picasso-esque art direction - just a movie that slaps you upside the hide from start to finish, with two powerhouse performances that stay with you long after the closing credits.
Christopher Walken has a great time doing a parody of himself throughout the movie. He's hilarious as he does his Walken-esque soliloquies for everyone except the people that might actually have gotten a clue from his ramblings and figured out that this backwoods bad guy has more than one screw loose.
 The<br />look is like much later film noir, but often better (including a little Scorsese-esque fast<br />push in), and the editing (and story structure) is very brave; from the flashback<br />structure of the whole story, to the super fast cutting in two sequences (including the<br />insertion on a single red frame) that makes most modern editing look safe and<br />dull by comparison.
The first, METZENGERSTEIN, by Roger Vadim, features a nubile, Barbarella-esque Jane Fonda as an imperious, mildly sadistic and hedonistic  young socialite/Contessa named Frederique, presumably in the Middle Ages.
Instead I was disappointed to find an Indianna Jones-esque adventure.
Instead I was disappointed to find an Indianna Jones-esque adventure.
Instead I was disappointed to find an Indianna Jones-esque adventure.
Imagine "I Am Legend" being remade for roughly $50,000 and you have this movie's flavor. Zombie-esque vampire plague destroys most of America, leaving a few enclave towns (oddly) untouched and most of the nation a wasteland.
I don't know if Damici is a great actor (this is the first time I've seen his work), but he fits this Eastwood-esque role like a worn leather glove.
Not to mention, there is a huge terminator-esque bio-weapon running around.
Her super solider-esque, Matrix-like fighting techniques was a treat to watch.
The only way this would have been more offensive and cliched is if they had some Vaudeville-esque performer in blackface tap-dancing and eating watermelon throughout the film.
While the more intense persona isn't seen, he nails that playboy-esque side of 007 as well as the resourceful and knowledgeable side who can shoot his way through anything.
I love how the film has a mix of fantasy with H.P. Lovecraft-esque themes to it and of course some good timed humor mixed in, this is one of the greatest comic book movies in recent memory and a true must see!
 The "Labyrinth"-esque set at the end is particularly good.
 It was sort of Tim Burton-esque, so maybe if Nightmare Before Christmas is one of your favorites, you'd like this one too.
 Well, there is a bit of inspired casting with Leslie Nielsen as a G.W. Bush-esque president and I always like to see people make fun of "The Village", but ultimately it is pretty much like a Mad Magazine article.
There's of course the paladin-esque superheroes like Spider-Man or Superman and there's the anti-heroes like Wolverine or Batman (at his best, so long as he doesn't delve into Miller-machismo).
 You come to enjoy characters quickly, and unfortunately in many cases watch them fall.  The battles are very Gladiator-esque (for obvious reasons) but they take nothing away, merely enhancing the choas of all out war.
 In fact, the final fight scene in this movie is probably my favorite of any Chan-esque movie.
 As a result, you end up with some tragically babel fish-esque translations.
Agent 86 used a variety of Bond-esque devices, notably his shoe, which contained a phone and other doo-dads to help him get through each episode.
 Tim Robbins (playing a Bill Gates-esque character) spins a web as the BLACK WIDOW of silicon valley to entice, manipulate and force Ryan Phillipe's character to create the greatest communications network in the world.
 My guess, in reference to the demograph, would be males age 18-35.  The lesbian-esque orgies, excessive violence, and male dominated roles all inclined to attract that target crowd.
It's not for the kiddies, but it's the best of the new HBO-Home-Theater-esque TV serial.
<p>From the opening credits, in which the company performs the rousing, gospel-esque &#65533;How Shall I See You Through My Tears&#65533; to the end, when they dance through their own rendition of &#65533;The Want of a Nail,&#65533; it is this group of talented youngsters who make the movie come alive.
 The filmmakers could have given every scene a glossy, Hollywood-esque finish, and consequently make the film more palatable for kids and mainstream movie-going audiences, but doing that would likely downplay the realism essential to identifying with characters and making the story believable.
 Bruce Willis is wonderful as the Rambo-esque superguy who outwits, outplays, and outlasts the heavily-armed killers, and reveals just enough of his tender side to endear his character to the audience.
The Illusionist is a classic tale of love and magic with a Hitchcock-esque twist.
She makes a vague, almost Charlie Chan-esque statement, that the murderer is in the room, then disappears without divulging the name.
I've read the comic multiple times and while I can appreciate Jeph Loeb trying his hand at some Grant Morrison-esque plot twists involving a time-traveling Superman, the film takes out all that convoluted goofiness and is much more accessible to the casual fan.
I'm a fairly seasoned gym rat and have done lots of those yoga-esque exercises for toning and strengthening.
 In "Spice World," the girls take on a world tour with Bond-esque style.
What fun! Scrap the past 40 years of music development and go straight back into the good old jazz/Chicago-esque style.
Not to mention the fantastic, Rod Serling-esque realism in the quality of its writing, the direction, the scope, and the dazzling work of the previously unknown cast - now all certified household names - stars, if you will (none will ever have to worry about getting future work).
Other than that the program suffers from strangely judgmental moments, and others cloyingly obvious and Spielberg-esque.
There was at least one scene that the camera zoomed in on her face. She has a Demi-esque appearance.
As an adult, I appreciated the subtle nods to the Disney franchise, such as a wide shot of a very Space Mountain-esque building (sitting behind a sign reading "Todayland").
For example, the line given by the Wednesday Addams-esque character early in the film.
Long before Disney's version of Zorro (starring Guy Madison) hit TV, I learned about Zorro and his Robin Hood-esque exploits in the old Republic serials shown then.
 But this, a noir-esque policier is all the more surprising for the amount of life the master is able to breathe into an otherwise stale, and over-worked type.
There is also some Rosemary's Baby-esque plotting, and the film surprisingly ends with a downbeat, twist ending.
From the moment I first saw the trailer, I laughed, a lot. Filled with silly, "Austin Powers"-esque comedy, there were a lot of jokes packed in that trailer and the movie delivers more of the same.
 Its great to watch and hear him alone so you can TRULY realize how much he's doing at one time.  Watching the samba-esque tune almost made me soil my pants the first time.
Allen reaches Buster Keaton-esque comedic greatness here--battling a giant pudding, surviving an Orgasmatron, morphing into Blanche Dubois--and has a naturally funny, gentle rapport with Keaton, the perfect foil.
 More reliant on Chaplin-esque visual gags than any of his other movies, there are some parts that Allen himself now finds childish and embarrassing.
Woody Allen stars as a man who was frozen for 200 years and emerges into a 1984-esque world of a controlling government and pleasurable technology.
The glut of weak, DIY-esque backdrops and special effects make the arrival of Star Wars just four years later seem even more impressive by comparison.
It's entertaining, yes, but lacks the once-cherished cleanness, organization, and togetherness of Petipa-esque ballets.
I didn't even mind the &quot;Fantasia&quot; ending, Dr. Reinhardt and Maximillian togther in a &quot;Dante-esque&quot; hell.
 His fascination with the Garbo-esque youth is understandable, but the scenario takes us on endless journey that ultimately goes only .
The story is quality H.P. Lovecraft-esque with a horrific fairy tale twist to it, this is one of the best episodes shown on Masters of Horror.
I sat down to be entertained by a light Spielberg-esque film and ended up flabbergasted at how much her performance affected me.
Though the movie ends with a more Spielberg-esque ending than the book, the conclusion still left me in tears.
 As said to Scrooge by Marley, "you'll be the only person who's cold in Hell!" - A nice little nod to the Dante-esque concept of Hell being frozen at its core.
Claudio Simonetti recorded some decent music for this one: some heavy instrumental synth-rock and some pretty, opera-esque music with a slightly creepy edge.
Add in it had great stylized action scenes (Matrix-esque, while still being original in appearance), a feel of a huge back history to the story, and very effective bad guys.
 The Irma-esque caricature is utterly unfunny and, repeatedly identifying herself as nearly jail-bait age, her romance with the much older O'Brien is as irrational as it is disturbing.
 That's not the worst of it, however.<br /><br />The engine of the plot mainly seems to be sitcom-esque misunderstandings.
 There are a few bouncy songs, but adults probably won't find them cloying or otherwise Barney-esque.
What makes the movie so effective is the "Psycho"-esque score by Harry Manfredini and of course the memorable gore effects by Tom Savini which shocked the daylights out of people when it first came out yet they are still effective.
Johnny was the most powerful songwriter of that group, with his Leadbelly-esque compostional style of chronicling hard times.
 When he's bitten by the James Dean-esque leader of the gang(the two sidekicks look like they stepped out of the Blue Oyster Bar from the Police Academy movies), he becomes a gay werewolf-A Werebear!
 Definitely the most TROMA-esque.
And like many have said, it is very Troma-esque.
 The best one, I thought, was the B@W "Diary of Anne Frankenstein", with its mixture of truly bad taste and Hogan's Hero-esque humor.
Ironically, music from Danny Elfman also succeeds in giving this film that sort of superhero, Burton Batman-esque feel as well, which is a strange coincidence considering they were all made around the same period, but with vastly different reception.
 It's not cartoonish or Disney-esque at all, but it does do a very nice job of showing the benefits of having a healthy respect and appreciation for animals.
Perhaps Ken and Barbie threatened to sue. Anyway, as the group bangs out one of its Ramones-esque tunes on stage one fact becomes glaringly obvious.
In a 1984-esque white-washed future underground dystopia where sexuality is banned, all humans sport shaved heads and the same shapeless outfits as they go about their work in a mandated state of sedation, listening to exhortations to &quot;Buy and Be Happy.
And how sad is it that my favorite part and character from the movie was Aro? Probably because he's a proper Rice-esque vampire.
 They are a sort of reverse Abbott and Costello.  The two must save Good Burger from Mondo Burger, a Dave and Busters-esque new restaurant across the street and its successful but cruel manager Kurt, who always refers to himself in the third person.
 There was also a little bit of Pulp Fiction-esque cinematography, especially in the beggining, which was done nicely.
a movie for adults (don't go into this expecting a simple, Barney-esque plot) that gives its viewers a childish glee.
While the new lead singer has very "Perry-esque" vocals, it's not the Journey I remember.
Richard Robbins Glass-esque score was fresh and hypnotic, transporting us into the lush greenery and richly cloistered environment of the old house.
With 8 1/2, he embraced a much more fanciful surrealistic style, later to be dubbed &quot;Fellini-esque&quot;.
Reminds me of this scene from Annie Hall:<br /><br />Pam: Sex with you is really a Kafka-esque experience.
 Bruce Willis is wonderful as the Rambo-esque superguy who outwits, outplays, and outlasts the heavily-armed killers, and reveals just enough of his tender side to endear his character to the audience.
He also has an intentional cameo later on in the movie. His brief performance isn't exactly Hitchcockian or Tarantino-esque, but I think he makes out okay.
There are some clever Tarantino-esque time shifting editting techniques that add to the sense of a jigsaw puzzle of plot elements ultimately coming together to a cohesive ending, of sorts, that is satisfying and frustrating at the same time.
 I will agree with the others of the Hitchcock-esque, it's one of those movies where you should pay attention so as not to miss the most minute detail.
 I'm not going to whine about how the end just didn't tie it all in together. I'm not going to complain about the MTV-esque version of &quot;Wise Up&quot; in the middle of the film.
 Because I knew of the multiple storylines, i expected something tarantino-esque with something that tied together neatly.
 Add to that the fact that she has Audrey Hepburn-esque beauty (a grand statement to make, I know, but she won me over on first glance), and you'd think she'd be a star for a long time.
 Minelli can sing her ass off, there's no disputing that,  and her diva-esque Sally is an interesting interpretation.
Directed by Jodie Foster, this is a great Twilight Zone-esque episode.
A shame and a Waste of Talent pushing this "Left Behind"-esque Protestant Propaganda,Denzel could do way better.
COOL! Denzel as a post-apocalyptic wasteland Zatoichi-esque wanderer and Gary Oldman as his nemesis.
so werewolves and vampires were out, Satanism in. So here we get a Wheatley-esque story of powerful people sucked into devil-worship grafted onto an old fashioned Dracula story.
To sort of cement it as a "girl's show" there are some very Disney-esque talking animals/animated-inanimate objects with the addition of Kowl, a weird creature that's some sort of cross between an owl, a flying squirrel and a box of crayons as well as Broom, Madame Razz's sidekick that is what it's name suggests.
Don't read this unless you've seen the movie .... The movie was going along well, entertaining until the "Harlem Nights-esque" ending.
the bus ride,  the post office, the climactic MAN WHO KNEW TOO MUCH-esque ballet sequence and the fight in the cottage.
Instead, the ending is quite Disney-esque, as would be expected.
 It was set in China, yes.  The costumes were beautiful and they used enough Confucius-esque metaphors to fill a Taoism book, but Mulan's whole attitude is "do what you think is right, not what society thinks is right.
Actually, this is pretty much the whole movie. David Cronenberg's Matrix-esque film was one of the many cyberpunk films of 1999, among &quot;The Matrix,&quot; &quot;The Thirteenth Floor,&quot; and &quot;Menno's Mind.
Sound levels are inconsistant throughout- a ballet lesson by the Nazi-esque Miss Tanner is very loud, but the famous double murder at the beginning of the film is subdued to the point of losing much of it's impact!
 It's also got some great, Leone-esque staging and camera work, as it drags the scene out as long as dramatically possible, alternating between extreme long-shots and extreme close-ups.
 Was it a Saw-esque police drama about a ruthless serial killer?
 Was it a Saw-esque police drama about a ruthless serial killer?
But for those wanting to experience something a little different- a Hollywood-esque attempt at a history lesson with some tango, pop, and theatre thrown in, EVITA may be the movie for you.
<p>From the opening credits, in which the company performs the rousing, gospel-esque &#65533;How Shall I See You Through My Tears&#65533; to the end, when they dance through their own rendition of &#65533;The Want of a Nail,&#65533; it is this group of talented youngsters who make the movie come alive.
 The filmmakers could have given every scene a glossy, Hollywood-esque finish, and consequently make the film more palatable for kids and mainstream movie-going audiences, but doing that would likely downplay the realism essential to identifying with characters and making the story believable.
Why would he cut an important keystone of the book's plot? Yet he decides to replace that with Cuban Missile Crisis-esque conflict down on Earth, which feels incredibly irrelevant in present year of 2004.
add to this fledgling CGI, from Industrial Light &amp; Magic; some Disney-esque lightness, (and some Disney-esque darkness), in a well-balanced way, and most of all, characters who secure your emotional interest until the final credit has rolled.
 I think what I really enjoyed about it is that it uses the classical Swan Lake music, rather than Disney-esque songs.
His near silent performance steals every scene in a Chaplin / Keaton-esque way.
 The girls don't have to do much dancing, but they wave their hands and kick their feet in a Charleston-esque way.
The clever way it was filmed, which was quite  Blair Witch Project-esque (but in a classy way), brings you into the  action.
 It didn't really feel like an adventure, as one might assume from her Indiana Jones-esque character.
It's also a good movie to watch and relax to late at night. It's along the lines of a Shyamalon-esque thriller/suspense film and I find that it always delivers when i watch it.
 I went into 'Charlie's Angels' wanting only to see a little Bond-esque action and, of course, Lucy Liu.
Every time the film employs cheesy '70s-esque montage sequences, every time the camera goes wicked slow when the girls toss their hair, and every time an action scene comes up (which takes things from films like The Matrix, Mission: Impossible, and True Lies), it's all a parody.
A beautiful stark film. An amazing story, almost Disney-esque about young heroines refusing to accept their fate.
Great action-adventure series with lots of intrigue, pirates, and a swiss-family-Robinson-esque treehouse.
 GITS has spawned a Blade Runner-esque <a href="http://www.
 The excellent battle scenes and cool philip dick-esque plot make this purchase a must for those wanting any anime.
All in all, great for Bey/Bruckheimer-esque entertainment, but horrible in everything else.
In fairness to Lou, his congenital hearing deficiency results in his Corky-esque speech; either that or his enormous traps, which stand so tall from his shoulders that sound cannot actually reach his ears.
This Lolita-esque romantic drama adapted from a book by Mikihiko Renjyo was okay.
Except for the lack of violence this was a decent Romero-esque zombie film laden with characters you could both identify and empathize with.
 Kinski is suitably virgin-esque and McDowell suitably slimy.
Her eyebrow were that exquisite Madonna-esque thickness, her lips in a permanent state of partial openness with full-on pout, her hair cut to that boyish cute, and her shoulder pads speaking volumes about her feminine authority.
Gene Wilder's narration adds an appropriate sense of Willy Wonka-esque wonder to this solid overview of the 1893 Chicago World's Fair.
An aggressive fridge with a mind of its own sounds Monty Python-esque when you first hear about it, but trust me, you won't be laughing by the end of the movie.
 Instead of a powerful story being the central focus of the film, we were bombarded, nearly drowned, in model-esque images of the people of NYC and how only the very beautiful are attracted to the very beautiful.
As the opening Addams Family-esque credits by Pablo Ferro rolled over blatant love scenes between planes and phallic missiles and meadow lark love scene music trickled to my ears, I knew I was in for a treat.
 In the games, Liu Kang was always one of my least favorite characters, due to his overblown Bruce Lee-esque imitation, but this film removes that, preventing him from being annoying.
 xXx uses a plethora of James Bond-esque type gadgets and excellorates them using X-Treme sports.
 There was a lot of potential for this series, as evidenced by the episodes preserved here.  Very hilarious, Simpsons-esque stuff.
 There was a lot of potential for this series, as evidenced by the episodes preserved here.  Very hilarious, Simpsons-esque stuff.
 Hard to find, but worth it. :)  (My favourites are the _extremely_ catchy &quot;Cover Girl&quot;, the early-Beatles-esque &quot;She Won't Change Her Mind&quot; and the rather dark &quot;The Messenger&quot;, among others.
 xXx uses a plethora of James Bond-esque type gadgets and excellorates them using X-Treme sports.
The story line is simple - good vs. evil, so what really carries this movie are the Matrix-esque special effects and, more than anything, the martial arts.
 <p>Amazing effects, like Li's encounter with the motorcycle cops or his Matrix-esque dodging of bullets.
Reality TV show-esque?
This scene is so painfully Cinderella-esque that I was waiting for Marisa to leave a glass slipper.
Disturbingly violent, with plenty of typically Barker-esque mixing of sex and horror.
 Of the eight, I would say KILL THEORY probably would have the best chance of theatrical success, if only for its SAW-esque plot.
 It also touches upon the controversies started by James Frey and his ilk.  I love the way one character acts in a Poe-esque, "Telltale Heart" fashion.
The Bottom Line:<br /><br />The special effects are nifty and I guess the Chinatown-esque plot is kinda fun, but the gimmick ran stale for me after the first half hour and I wanted a bit more to fall back on than Hoskins' growling and Christopher Lloyd's scenery chewing; I can see why everyone else loves it, but I was not especially enthused.
It's also a bit more movie-esque in the more bigger action scenes, making it a bit more dynamic.
Those Rush guys sure have a wacky sense of humour. Some of the parts were quite Monty Python Terry Gilliam-esque, which is nice, especially the segueway from the Starman "whoa, sorry dude" to the man with the bowler hat from the Hemispheres album cover.
Andrews has a crackling Bogart-esque presence here, which makes us like the only honest guy in the movie, and Webb is brilliant as the tart-tongued, frustrated Waldo, who sees Laura as his personal Galatea.
 He has fantasies about being a rock star and, wouldn't you know it, grows up to be a Hitler-esque dictator.
 What?  So, in this version, we do have a Dracula-esque human being who takes the young lad under his wing.
 He has zero, and I mean no chemistry with the barbie-esque Christie, who only needs a gingham dress to remind me of one of the gals from Petticoat Junction.
Nothing Hollywood-esque about this film.
Dennis Farina plays a Colombo-esque L.
Forget &quot;Dances with Wolves.&quot;  Kevin Costner outdoes himself as an actor in this superb Capra-esque movie that is filled with magic rarely seen onscreen.
What it actually is, however, is a pretty funny Mr. Bean-esque romp through England.
He's, what, 43 years old? And he's playing an Evel Knievel-esque, motocyclying hotshot who jumps everything from cars to spinning helicopter blades?
 They quickly rushed into release the Marlene Dietrich picture "Dishonored", in which Dietrich starred as a Mata Hari-esque spy who too becomes unraveled by love.
She does get one last Silence-of-the-Lambs-esque scene, as the movie ties up the final loose end, but it could have used more of these types of scenes.
As usual, there's a lot going on that makes no real sense within the story (McConaughey's Rube Goldberg-esque prosthetic leg, the insane CIA agent played by a chilling John Gale, etc.
I, like so many others, was loathe to see another Anne Rice-esque vampire movie.
 The beginning opens up in black and white and later on, when the lovers start over again, color (in a very Wong Kar-wai-esque cinematic sense of it) comes in.
 He meets a Heidi-esque girl and falls in love, and they too, end up in space.
Her more Betty Page-esque comic book counterpart might have given the film a problem securing a PG rating.
The annoying Disney-esque familiar to our villain, Rasputan, is an obnoxious little white bat (which channels Iago from Aladdin) who inexplicably moves from being a sinister and vindictive side-kick to an unwilling and disinterested participant to his master's evil scheme.
"T2" immediately does away with the Del James-esque poetics of the first film and goes for pure commercialism.
They had used the ending from the book rather than a hollywood-esque sort of ending.
in contrast with the sad lonely isolated reality. Jennifer Connely & the young Sixth Sense-esque actress deserve an OSCAR as they played true to life-like but with a STAR studded shine.
It could be the soundtrack that recalls AMERICAN GRAFFITI. It could be director Paul Thomas Anderson's Scorcese-esque approach to the filming.
There are some very interesting Burton-esque alterations that update the elements of Alice's journey quite nicely.
Okay, perhaps it was not at the level of `Michael Moore'-esque conspiracy theories, but after witnessing such disasters as The Whole Ten Yards, Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights, and Exorcist: The Beginning you have to wonder why studios would intentionally ruin viable stand-alone films.
While Marlon does as much as he can (despite some CW-esque jokes thrown in there), his character isn't that memorable and leaves the movie like that with no reason why.
 His voice here is the most Beatle-esque and only he could carry this tune the way it should be.
The Isaac Asimov-esque robot, the massive flood, the large-scale destruction of the undercity, the masses of vehicles travelling outside, the huge interactive set-pieces - every visual element of this movie is absolutely stunning.
In the far future in a large New York-esque city, it seems workers are struggling with people called "Thinkers" who are like the bosses that makes plans and being a big corporation.
 While it is emotional to watch the love story unfold, the eye-candy battle sequences, and the picture-esque view of Scotland, there seemed to be a lacking "meat" to this story.
Why have a pair of Laurel & Hardy-esque style sheriffs in what is supposedly a film of uncompromising savagery?
 And how very close help was...  Little Craven-esque  quirks tended to pop up (such as a sudden shift from extreme violence to a  scene of almost slapstick humor) that will remind viewers of the Elm Street  and Scream series.
Are they merely a whimsical afterthought to the plot to give the kids some cartoonish mayhem or a Fellini-esque effort to disorient the audience even further in this already baffling world?
In fact, these deaths mixed gasp-inducing red herrings, "oh my God" shocking moments, and comedic 80's-esque execution with excellent CGI effects.
 In fact, these deaths mixed gasp-inducing red herrings, "oh my God" shocking moments, and comedic 80's-esque execution with excellent CGI effects.
Personally, I'm REAALY tired and VERY annoyec by the increasingly improbable Rube Goldberg-esque moronic new and improved ways to die.
In fact, these deaths mixed gasp-inducing red herrings, "oh my God" shocking moments, and comedic 80's-esque execution with excellent CGI effects.
 In fact, these deaths mixed gasp-inducing red herrings, "oh my God" shocking moments, and comedic 80's-esque execution with excellent CGI effects.
Personally, I'm REAALY tired and VERY annoyec by the increasingly improbable Rube Goldberg-esque moronic new and improved ways to die.
The plot while somewhat predictably martial arts-esque keeps you interested as you grow vested into the characters.
 They never feel like bloated Hollywood-esque action sequences tacked on to relieve your boredom.
 For a historically based film, the least they could have added was a short PBS-esque documentary on actual code talkers.
 James Horner's mostly overplayed score -- except for the "Saving private Ryan"-esque overture and the occasional haunting "flutes" -- doesn't help.
 no problems here. the movie  begins to fall apart with some of its more Matrix-esque fight scenes.
Wimmer draws not only on his own Equilibrium, but also on vampire movies and basically any generic sci-fi-esque thriller, and combines them all together with Milla Jovovich, who does a decent job at selling her character and looks pretty darned good too.
I could have done without the bad humor or the Jurassic Park-esque baby Godzilla side story, but I kinda like this Godzilla.
Wimmer draws not only on his own Equilibrium, but also on vampire movies and basically any generic sci-fi-esque thriller, and combines them all together with Milla Jovovich, who does a decent job at selling her character and looks pretty darned good too.
Now 19 years later the nightmares have resurfaced, but this time he awakens with a Freddy Krueger-esque slash mark on his hand that won't heal.
Infighting within the band, a mysterious Yoko Ono-esque character, and the band's inability to make it from the dressing room to the stage without getting lost don't help the cause, either.
 Most of them center around his relationship with the most popular girl in school, Mitsuki Sonada (as well as the Tenchi-esque rivalry with other girls after his lucky self), and her father, a slightly mad scientist, named Ken (as well as his counterpart in the parallel world).
 Most of them center around his relationship with the most popular girl in school, Mitsuki Sonada (as well as the Tenchi-esque rivalry with other girls after his lucky self), and her father, a slightly mad scientist, named Ken (as well as his counterpart in the parallel world).
 It doesn't matter much these days what the topic surrounds, as long as there are long picture-esque images of Americana (or some other country), coupled with a tender moment, a blasting score, and sympathy towards anything - than the epic will reign supreme.
 The perfect heroine.<br /><br />The way this movie was done, with the dark, gritty, noir-esque settings of Batman and the 'lightness' of the dark comedy from Nicholson's Joker, gives the movie a vitality that all the others have lacked to a certain extent.
Batman Returns has a very creative and &quot;Burton-esque&quot;  visual style, yet it's so unrelentingly dark it can't compare to the first,  and the best.
 The fighting is spot on and even the banter is Star wars-esque.
The tavern has more character, and is more appropriate for the Harvard-esque setting of the series, so that's a good change too.
it's all brilliantly presented. I particulary like James Bond-esque  theme of the movie.
Robbie Coltrane (Harry Potter And The...) is wonderfully low-key in his Watson-esque role as Depp's assistant.
a van peebles-esque tour de force with a kind of orson welles twist.
 He meets a Heidi-esque girl and falls in love, and they too, end up in space.
This Seinfeld-esque comedy performance riffs on the humor of being different than the "norm", be it a nerd, a person of a different sexuality, a person of a different skin color, or a person with a different personality, and shows via humor that we're all the same=humans.
 The difference is this: Julian Fellowes' Forsythe Saga-esque script has less to do with the actual historicity of Titanic and more to do with a grand soap opera dealing with class structure in the early part of the 20th century.
 Even if you don't like boxing, even if you're hoping for a ROCKY-esque film, you won't be disappointed in MILLION DOLLAR BABY.
 In the games, Liu Kang was always one of my least favorite characters, due to his overblown Bruce Lee-esque imitation, but this film removes that, preventing him from being annoying.
This time 2-4-5 Trioxin becomes the latest Raver drug, only to have Romero-esque flesh-eating zombies that die when you shoot them in the head.
 (You can immediately see the difference the moment Charles Previn's George Gerschwin-esque music kicks in).
Rise Of The Machines' by use of gripping character interactions from very capable talent and 'Lost'-esque story-interweaving.
 Don't fool yourselves into thinking that anything Carpenter-esque is in this film.
It offers suspense and has it's moments that make me jump. It's the perfect drama-esque film.
I especially got a kick out of Lars, the Yanni-esque boyfriend of Sara (Beckinsale).
I especially got a kick out of Lars, the Yanni-esque boyfriend of Sara (Beckinsale).
 Don't fool yourselves into thinking that anything Carpenter-esque is in this film.
 Or Robert Gordon's (who also co-stars) great rockabilly film score.  It's Kathryn Bigelow's (Martin Scorsese-esque) direction that keeps you mesmerized throughout.
The Ying-n-Yang of friends. They're similar in that Vaughn is that same kind of lounge-lizard-esque con man without a con, dimwitted with an air of ill-placed superiority and Favreau is his signature calm steady, studying fellow just trying to make it in the big bad voodoo world.
The videos finish up with the wonderful &quot;Hit 'Em Wit Da Hee&quot;, a trip into Tim Burton-esque fantasy with a dash of Michael Jackson a la &quot;Smooth Criminal&quot; in Missy's flashy dance attire.
<p>Despite all these flaws, I really enjoyed this movie. The story is fascinating and moving, and The Sixth Sense-esque approach to depict Nash's schizophrenia from his point of view worked very well.
 I felt that there wasn't enough "classic" Office material, like Jim-Dwight interactions, Michael Scott-esque failures, and not enough Kevin time (but lets be serious - is there ever enough Kevin time?
 Although the sub-plots can be a bit soap-opera-esque, the characters and the actors who play them have evolved enough now to form a hilarious ensemble that cannot seem to go wrong.
 Kelsey Grammar is also very slick as the smarmy Hard Copy-esque tabloid news personality.
While one might expect a Shatner-esque, over-the-top performance from Carrey, to which we've become accustomed in his comedic work, we are instead given a performance that is both subtle and remarkably powerful.
What do our memories look like if shown as a movie? Dali-esque, if Gondry is to be believed, complete with melting faces.
I'm not a fan of the CSI-esque shows.
Sure, he has his share of American Pie-esque moments (an affair with his coach's wife rings a bell), but it's the bulk of the emotion of the film that falls on him.
The fights contain far too much Matrix-esque wire-fu and some of it is so silly that it makes the film ridiculous.
The fights contain far too much Matrix-esque wire-fu and some of it is so silly that it makes the film ridiculous.
If not for the PG-13 rating, G.I. Joe-esque "laser bullets," and occasional moments of cheese and campiness, I'd probably be so bold as to consider this "quintessential" for action junkies.
 Stratham demonstrates his kick-boxing talents and makes mush out of anyone who crosses him.  But it's the suave, Bond-esque manner in which his character conducts his "business" that makes this a really cool flick.
 Her mother, Christine, in all her Donna Reed-esque perfection  feels something is amiss and explores her own psyche to find the answers to her uneasy feelings.
 You will be yelling at the TV every time he tries to do anything clever or Mcguver-esque.
This movie is the best movie ever made.  This movie is filled with memeorable quotes, including Father Ridley's sermon-esque opinions about VD.
The Ant Bully (John A. Davis, 2006)<br /><br />Davis (Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius) returns with this Pixar-esque kids' flick that is, in reality, not for kids.
 The book is a hilarious story of a bumbling, Clouseau-esque British military commander (I forget his rank) and his misadventures in World War II, told in a series of episodes.
Reality TV show-esque?
This is a very cool Nightmare On Elm Street-esque horror flick that does everything right.
The Prime Gig, directed by Gregory Mosher and written by Bill Wheeler, is good stuff. A sort of Mamet-esque tale of telemarketing and betrayal.
This is a very cool Nightmare On Elm Street-esque horror flick that does everything right.
yes, its slowly paced, yes there is little in the way of bond-esque action.
 All I knew it was going to be a slow, measured British spy drama and not to expect it to be all Bond-esque.
 I went into 'Charlie's Angels' wanting only to see a little Bond-esque action and, of course, Lucy Liu.
Every time the film employs cheesy '70s-esque montage sequences, every time the camera goes wicked slow when the girls toss their hair, and every time an action scene comes up (which takes things from films like The Matrix, Mission: Impossible, and True Lies), it's all a parody.
 The president (a Clinton-esque Bill Bullman) calls upon military services to fight these creatures.
Sure it has some Jane Austen-esque subplots, but so many modern stories do and I, for one, never grow tired of them.
Lady in the Water is easily an old school Steven Spielberg-esque film.
Although it has a splash of Matrix-sequel-style obtuseness and Terry Gilliam-esque oddness, Lady in the Water is a pretty original animal as far as films are concerned.
 The same types of fade outs are used and the ending was shocking but in a sixth sense -esque way.
 The visuals in the movie are very 1970s-esque - especially the lighting - which stays in perfect stride with the time period.
 no problems here. the movie  begins to fall apart with some of its more Matrix-esque fight scenes.
 They look Fulci-esque.
Disney's quality of films have been diminishing greatly, ever since they lost there &quot;Musical-esque&quot; style after THe Hunchback of Notredame.
Disney's quality of films have been diminishing greatly, ever since they lost there &quot;Musical-esque&quot; style after THe Hunchback of Notredame.
 In particular, the show trial scene is movie-making of the highest order with a knockout Downfall-esque performance by Andr&eacute; Hennicke as Richter Dr.
Thus, he also included the party-girl Monroe-esque character in this film.
 He even has a brief training montage which includes some Rocky-esque sweaty ab work.
 I went into 'Charlie's Angels' wanting only to see a little Bond-esque action and, of course, Lucy Liu.
Every time the film employs cheesy '70s-esque montage sequences, every time the camera goes wicked slow when the girls toss their hair, and every time an action scene comes up (which takes things from films like The Matrix, Mission: Impossible, and True Lies), it's all a parody.
The plot itself was a bit silly and melodramatic and had a fairy-tale-esque quality, however, once you get past the ludicrous beginning, (the cattle stampede and the slaves running on all-fours), the film became entertaining.
 And really, that's all you can ask for.<br /><br />Set in the not-so-distant future, a very Palin-esque United States President sends a new mission to the moon.
It was highly enjoyable and scary enough for my taste in its B movie way. Some great John Carpenter-esque performances.
 Though Carpenter enlists certain elements that may be stereotypical, such as the Romero-esque zombies and the notion of all-encompassing evil attempting to over-take good, Carpenter adds his own unique twists.
(my least favorite part is easily the way that, when the vampires bite, their mouths extend to a ludicrous Steven Tyler-esque proportion.
It was his cunning and wisdom that defeated Dracula, not a rapid fire cross bow and Dresden Files-esque duster.
Lady in the Water is easily an old school Steven Spielberg-esque film.
Although it has a splash of Matrix-sequel-style obtuseness and Terry Gilliam-esque oddness, Lady in the Water is a pretty original animal as far as films are concerned.
Lady in the Water is easily an old school Steven Spielberg-esque film.
Although it has a splash of Matrix-sequel-style obtuseness and Terry Gilliam-esque oddness, Lady in the Water is a pretty original animal as far as films are concerned.
 They never feel like bloated Hollywood-esque action sequences tacked on to relieve your boredom.
 <p>Leonardo Dicaprio plays Romeo as a misunderstood James Dean-esque rebel with a mysterious aura about him.
DiCaprio's very Shakespeare-in-the-Park-esque Romeo was rather disappointing.
 Not uncommon, but wait... The (ha, ha) plot is made up of would be X-Men fighting poorly done matrix-esque battles (including the motorcycle highway chase) and struggling against the aliens from the 80's TV series 'V'.
didn't want to cut it but he did and I felt it was a mistake.  I also feel the "Kill Bill"-esque type of storyline and killing one's parent and then warning their child about if they want to come at him for revenge was just too contrived.
A group of teenagers happen upon an island inhabited by Katherine Victor as the sociopathic, Vampira-esque mad scientist "Doctor Myrna"; and her zombie horde.
Significantly, Edgerton and co. take a Coen-esque hyper-cinematic and slightly postmodern approach (though in a non-winking manner), reinforce the drama via delicious black humor, and even the sparse solo piano that often drives the score reminds of "Blood Simple"'s minimalist soundtrack.
There are some very interesting Burton-esque alterations that update the elements of Alice's journey quite nicely.
 At first I thought - Oh... another Disney-esque Soprano/Belt voice - but then ALL of them sounded like that.
Reminds me of this scene from Annie Hall:<br /><br />Pam: Sex with you is really a Kafka-esque experience.
 Add in some Serling-esque chain smoking, which is era appropriate of course.
I guess there was a story in this movie. It seems like the director & screenwriter were trying to do a Kubrik-esque kind of movie, and in my opinion, failed miserably.
The sequence is completely bizarre, almost Kenneth Anger-esque, in it's loud, bright, violent, and endless way.
Don't let the mild mannered Beatles' album-esque cover of this movie fool you.
The only thing that could have made it worse would be for John Cusack to pop up with a 2012-esque performance.
 Stereotypes roll out in Zappa-esque, tongue-in-cheek scene after scene.
His near silent performance steals every scene in a Chaplin / Keaton-esque way.
 They never feel like bloated Hollywood-esque action sequences tacked on to relieve your boredom.
Turns out, it's a really good movie. Very dark Twilight Zone-esque sort of plot with mind bending twists and turns that are sure to leave you asking questions.
Allen reaches Buster Keaton-esque comedic greatness here--battling a giant pudding, surviving an Orgasmatron, morphing into Blanche Dubois--and has a naturally funny, gentle rapport with Keaton, the perfect foil.
 More reliant on Chaplin-esque visual gags than any of his other movies, there are some parts that Allen himself now finds childish and embarrassing.
Woody Allen stars as a man who was frozen for 200 years and emerges into a 1984-esque world of a controlling government and pleasurable technology.
The glut of weak, DIY-esque backdrops and special effects make the arrival of Star Wars just four years later seem even more impressive by comparison.
"T2" immediately does away with the Del James-esque poetics of the first film and goes for pure commercialism.
"T2" immediately does away with the Del James-esque poetics of the first film and goes for pure commercialism.
 Nothing profound here, but solidly entertaining, with shades of Tarantinoesque dialogue and Ritchie-esque stylings.
Pepper and Green play their Reservoir-Dogs-esque roles capably, though as the film progresses the roles themselves get more ludicrous.
in season two, Castle solves many of the cases with House-esque insight-based-on-totally-unrelated-conversation.
Lector look like a Sesame Street character. Bale's cold, charismatic, misogynist turn is riveting. His James Bondian-esque face changes to the devilish mask with the reptilian eyes so rapidly, that your blood would freeze.
Whereas Travis Bickle (DeNiro) had an almost innocent, Holden Caulfield-esque outlook on life and the drive to be a heroic figure that saves the world, Patrick Bateman sees the world as an extension of his "greed and disgust".
 In many ways a Dario Argento-esque thriller (as director Warren himself acknowledged) with artfully shot and staged murder scenes and a generally competant level displayed all round in all departments.
 Lastly, Liotta's soft-spoken Jack befriends Rose-Johnny, and in doing so sets the stage for a Magnolia-esque plot-switching film that is quite compelling and interesting to follow.
it's a crazy comedy that reaches for Adam Sandler-esque heights (think "Little Nicky" lite).
This movie is, in fact, hilarious. It's a pleasant blend of Anchorman-esque humor and Super Bad style punchy jokes.
Depp's performance was too Michael Jackson-esque for my liking.
For, make no mistake, Tim Burton's adaptation of Roald Dahl's classic novel, is very "Burton-esque.
The real star of this story is not the quasi-humans who populate its color-saturated Dali-esque landscape, but the candy around whom their lives center.
Look also for the "Sgt. Pepper"-esque nut house with the (largely real) team of nut-cracking squirrels, the "2001: Space Odyssey" (with the bombastic Strauss fanfare) WonkaVision studios, and other touches that really make Depp, in particular, such a marvelously spooky-kooky guy.
Therefore if you are not a child, but still enjoy dooby-enhanced mind trip or generally odd, Alice-in-Wonderland-esque stories, then you will find interest in this movie.
 The initial scenes of Charlie's crooked, dilapidated house and the huge city that surrounds it are as Dahl-esque as you can hope for.
 They're almost DALI-esque, in fact.
Also, at one point during the Christmas party, there is an opera-esque performance with three masked dancers which definitely does not appear in the original score.
though that is probably only because both star Isla Fisher... what I got, though, was a gag-full American Pie-esque romp centering on two individuals with just the right amount of crazy that makes it hard to root for them either separately, let alone together.
John Constanstine". It's a mix of H.P. Lovecraft-esque horror, fantasy and action combined with some dazzling special effects and an intriguing story, the main character is quite a complex and tragic hero that shows us the way to hell and heaven in this movie.
Garcia finds himself having to "service" the years-younger wife of Coburn. He's an old Hemingway-esque writer, who's working on one last book and permits the young wife to amuse herself since he's too sick to do much of that kind of thing anymore.
if you are looking for a Dirty Harry-esque cool fest from eastwood, you will be dissappointed.
 It has an almost Troma-esque feel to it (and if you're considering buying this movie, you know who Troma is).
With modern westerns becoming more and more watered down into Michael Bay-esque shoot-out snoozefests, it's hard to find that progressive story line that used to be commonplace in the true westerns of the 50's, 60's and 70's.
It works  well - location footage in Scotland and lots and lots of smoke give the  production an 'Exclaibur'-esque look of grim and gritty reality, and this  is what sticks in the mind after the film is over.
Everything about the film, from its graffiti-esque box font to its DJ Shadow soundtrack to Singer's horrendous diction, for which subtitles should have been used a good portion of the time, leads me to this conclusion.
And 3.) Bob - a guy who always wears Reservoir Dog-esque suits; Bob seems frequently annoyed by Dignan's antics but puts up with him because he is kind of lonely.
This movie is the best movie ever made.  This movie is filled with memeorable quotes, including Father Ridley's sermon-esque opinions about VD.
Instead, the ending is quite Disney-esque, as would be expected.
 It was set in China, yes.  The costumes were beautiful and they used enough Confucius-esque metaphors to fill a Taoism book, but Mulan's whole attitude is "do what you think is right, not what society thinks is right.
 She's delightful!<br />The film is obviously a throwback to the James Bond movies from its John Barry-esque score, including Shirley "Goldfinger" Bassey's signature vocals to the inclusion of techno-gadgets and former Bond Roger Moore' chief.
poof! Fairy Godmother-esque move are pretty darn close to nil.
 Kinski is suitably virgin-esque and McDowell suitably slimy.
Her eyebrow were that exquisite Madonna-esque thickness, her lips in a permanent state of partial openness with full-on pout, her hair cut to that boyish cute, and her shoulder pads speaking volumes about her feminine authority.
 While I might accept this type of unresolved discontinuity in a Raimi-esque splatter-fest, I expect more out of a movie that presents itself as a 'serious' horror.
The score composed by John Powell was all right; It suited the action-esque atmosphere in the movie but you'll be hard pressed to even bother paying attention to it.
And finally, Anna Paquin concludes her pointless attempt at conceptualizing Rogue. Instead of the Southern, wonder girl-esque charm, there is the typical $5.
 In what seems like a Kaufman-esque joke on his audience Carrey reverts back to his Ace Ventura form as a split personality, so misrepresented, so misdiagnosed that I wonder if the writers bothered to pick up a medical book in researching this.
 The first was a horrible attempt at a "Saw-esque" slasher flick.
 Also, the movie was directed in a Kungfu Hustle-esque style.
 It almost reminded me of the Japanese series Lone Wolf & Cub, especially the showdown in the Kurosawa-esque oppressive, sheeting rain.
But that's so strange, isn't it,...Tom Hanks in a mobster-esque role,.
 Probably the most appropriate scene using bad language was between Vivi and Teensie during a "chicken-esque" car scene.
 xXx uses a plethora of James Bond-esque type gadgets and excellorates them using X-Treme sports.
Alas, Roger became too old and went.<br />Dalton brought another Bond, more fleming-esque.
Leonetti likes smoky nightclubs and motel rooms and the score alternates between jazzy and noir-esque to (unfortunately) synthesized and 80s.
 In "Spice World," the girls take on a world tour with Bond-esque style.
What fun! Scrap the past 40 years of music development and go straight back into the good old jazz/Chicago-esque style.
It's true. A talking alien plant set to take over the world, a hero out of a zero, three Ronettes-esque ladies with fantastic voices, a sadistic dentist - this movie is awesome.
 That's 100% good with me so right away I was expecting a Kubrick-esque film.
I wanted to like this movie. I really did. Edgy Barry Levinson-esque camerawork, some truly funny moments, an A-list cast who must have worked for scale, the whole nine yards.
Perhaps it's the PG rating, but I feel that the dark side of Montana--seamy, smoke-filled, Lolo-esque, where lost souls lurk in the shadows of drunkenness and addiction--is never fully realized (case-in-point: Paul, as well as Jessie's brother).
In the Italian horror films I've seen I'm typically treated to either a Goblin soundtrack, or a Goblin-esque soundtrack.
Lovecraft-esque  Italian supernatural horror thriller from Lucio Fulci is one of his greatest and coolest movies ever.
 Think of a Kurosawa-esque film with more action, or a martial arts film with a greater emphasis on character and plot and you'll have Shogun's Samurai.
You've got an all star cast and a John Hughes-esque direction that can't be beat.
Everything about the film, from its graffiti-esque box font to its DJ Shadow soundtrack to Singer's horrendous diction, for which subtitles should have been used a good portion of the time, leads me to this conclusion.
The girl warrior is quite easy on the eyes but the Frankenstein-esque warrior is just so funny it's sad.
It's quirky and fun, but not in the Juno-esque sense.
The film DAVE could be called "Capra-esque" to a point with its optimism and feel good ending.
Kevin Kline's performance brings to mind a Jimmy Stewart-type performance (hence the reference to Capra-esque and "Mr Smith.
His 90's, Bill Gates-esque character is also brilliantly portrayed, persuing his beloved while silently rubbing his success in the faces of everyone at the reunion.
However, even if Pee Wee Herman-esque humor isn't your cup of tea, the movie does have a strong message about the strength of family, another message about honesty, another one about how kids can make a difference, and the movie has one of the best Latin American casts of all time.
I'd have to classify them as Beatles-esque with a little bit of 80s sprinkled in to make it quite unique.
I don't understand comparisons with this band and Interpol or the Rapture... Interpol is very much a Joy Division-esque band, and The Rapture are somewhat similar.
 FF are a fun dance band, and THAT'S IT.  Buy and enjoy.  And especially enjoy the John-Taylor-esque bass lines!
I thought the picture quality was great despite some criticism here.<br /><br />The 1st disc has the traditional, Kafka-esque, post-modern genius that makes this one of the best sci-fi film ever.
The film offers the viewer a retro-esque future that mixes the past of the 40's, 50's, 60's and early 70's in one movie but in a brilliant kind of surreal and weird way that it's just scrumbcous like Ridley Scott's "Blade Runner" or Fritz Lang's "Metropolis".
 There are many Brady (or Brady-esque) photographs that I had never seen before, Some splendid drawings and political cartoons of the era, great narrations of Lincoln's writings; and, some uncharacteristically lively interviews with historians representing many different points of view on the great man.
Sometimes this film looks very Disney-esque or something out of a 60's "Wild Kingdom" episode and the narrative style complete with accompanying music will look and sound very hokey to many.
 Was it a Saw-esque police drama about a ruthless serial killer?
Did I just drool? It did feel a bit Terminator-esque at points, but thankfully, it managed to get past that, and turn into an actually alright movie.
the Powers That Be decided to create their own Gould-esque villains, rather than use the Gould-created Flattop, Shaky, Pruneface, etc.
fetus eating, multiple stabbings, zombie-esque neck-biting, clever to the head, a hanging, and a dude who eats his own entrails.
Most of the 'Stand By Me'-esque story is done fairly well, considering.
After megadoses of Terminator-esque computerized special effects, I love a good low budget flick where the film makers make the most with what they have.
Then there is the other main music theme playing periodically throughout the film: a Glinka-esque piano.
 For example: I love dialogue in Scorsese, Tarantino-esque movies, and I could have very easily obsessed over the lack of dialogue in The New World, and it would have caused me to miss all the good stuff.
 In a major Hollywood movie?  <p>To take a Michael Moore-esque view on one final note, we see common thugs and low-lives with automatic weapons wounding and killing innocents, and never even question how such dangerous weapons got into their hands, but somehow this is justified  when a bunch of guys in black kill them off one by one.
The suspense was incredible, the camera work was great (with several Hitchcock-esque shots added in the mix), the plot was nicely twisted.
 That neither Bridges nor Robbins are Superstar Icons with Tom Cruise-like looks or Schwarzenegger-esque muscles makes the film all the more believable.
 <p>Danny Devito plays what may well have been his last truly funny role, made all the more hilarious because his Brando-esque character takes himself almost as seriously as DeVito takes himself these days.
 Was it a Saw-esque police drama about a ruthless serial killer?
Brief synopsis: This latest product of Trey Parker and Matt Stone's twisted imaginations involves Thunderbirds-esque puppetry; the current state of global affairs summarized in lots and lots of collateral damage courtesy of the titular team ("f--k yeah!
Production designer Jim Dultz had to recreate a believable Bruckheimer-esque world.
The music was good, I loved Gustave's singing parts, and the showgirl-esque tunes from Meg were interesting.
 It doesn't matter much these days what the topic surrounds, as long as there are long picture-esque images of Americana (or some other country), coupled with a tender moment, a blasting score, and sympathy towards anything - than the epic will reign supreme.
 Bruce Willis is wonderful as the Rambo-esque superguy who outwits, outplays, and outlasts the heavily-armed killers, and reveals just enough of his tender side to endear his character to the audience.
For all of the people who mock Gregg Araki's dialogue, his poor, home-video-esque directing and his sloppy editing, I have one thing to say: you're all correct.
 To my delight, it was very thrilling and Hitchcock-esque in nature.
Most of the 'Stand By Me'-esque story is done fairly well, considering.
 I went into 'Charlie's Angels' wanting only to see a little Bond-esque action and, of course, Lucy Liu.
Every time the film employs cheesy '70s-esque montage sequences, every time the camera goes wicked slow when the girls toss their hair, and every time an action scene comes up (which takes things from films like The Matrix, Mission: Impossible, and True Lies), it's all a parody.
You've got an all star cast and a John Hughes-esque direction that can't be beat.
What's special about Almodovar films is that he is able to explore the naked-ness of humanity creating this "Othello"-esque scenario wherein people are exposed as people -- human enough to feel, be hurt and heal.
Let's start (and maybe finish) with my first complaint. What's with that sappy, cigar addled Jimney Cricket-esque, nostalgia-obsessed - cliched beyond belief - narration that accompanies black and white shots from the past as boringly as any car commercial?
Rise Of The Machines' by use of gripping character interactions from very capable talent and 'Lost'-esque story-interweaving.
But more importantly, his acting was tepid and his assumed accent was an abomination. It vacillated from Spanish-esque, French-esque, to Irish brogue, and sort of settled in the Irish range for the duration of the movie.
The documentary-esque realism is very much alive in this film and I have to say that Liman is an excellent director.
(my least favorite part is easily the way that, when the vampires bite, their mouths extend to a ludicrous Steven Tyler-esque proportion.
It was his cunning and wisdom that defeated Dracula, not a rapid fire cross bow and Dresden Files-esque duster.
The documentary-esque realism is very much alive in this film and I have to say that Liman is an excellent director.
(my least favorite part is easily the way that, when the vampires bite, their mouths extend to a ludicrous Steven Tyler-esque proportion.
It was his cunning and wisdom that defeated Dracula, not a rapid fire cross bow and Dresden Files-esque duster.
From the opening credits clunky font and electro disco-esque soundtrack, to the all-important cherry red blood sputtering scenes.
 The "typical" for VanDamme, this movie is very Bruce Lee-esque and highly entertaining!
This film tells a powerful story, a "Crime and Punishment"-esque recovery of the soul, except without the ending that Dostoevsky had in his novel.
The suspense was incredible, the camera work was great (with several Hitchcock-esque shots added in the mix), the plot was nicely twisted.
 That neither Bridges nor Robbins are Superstar Icons with Tom Cruise-like looks or Schwarzenegger-esque muscles makes the film all the more believable.
Gene Wilder's narration adds an appropriate sense of Willy Wonka-esque wonder to this solid overview of the 1893 Chicago World's Fair.
And, of course, the film has gore gore, violence violence. The film caters to fans of the Conan-esque genre (gritty violence, barbarian characters, bloody gore action) and, surprisingly, the heavy metal genre.
 The perfect heroine.<br /><br />The way this movie was done, with the dark, gritty, noir-esque settings of Batman and the 'lightness' of the dark comedy from Nicholson's Joker, gives the movie a vitality that all the others have lacked to a certain extent.
Batman Returns has a very creative and &quot;Burton-esque&quot;  visual style, yet it's so unrelentingly dark it can't compare to the first,  and the best.
Well, it depends what you want.  If that is another cute fantasy film with Disney-esque animals and wise-cracking, snogging, contemporary teenagers ("Sorted!
 He even has a brief training montage which includes some Rocky-esque sweaty ab work.
 I adore the mix of marzipan colors and MTV video-esque imagery, you really feel submerged in a teenager's world of gluttony and flirtation.
 Kiefer Sutherland's Peter Lorre-esque dialogue is kind of annoying, but you get used to it, and it's interesting to see him so vulnerable and weak, like Bruce Willis in "12 Monkeys" or Denzel Washington in "The Manchurian Candidate (2004)".
 Rufus Sewell, Jennifer Connoly, and William Hurt are more than passable, and Kiefer Sutherland's perfomance as a Lorre-esque psychologist must be seen to be believed.
Although the overall plot was amazing, I could not help but be sidetracked by some of the ridiculously soap-opera-esque sub-plots.
If Depp's lethargic, dumbed-down Flynn-esque caricaturization increasingly amount to a dull train wreck then, in Dark Shadows, we witness the actor's de-evolving slide into Bela Lugosi drag, which sounds more interesting than it actually is.
This fact turned off a large number of viewers who were looking for another Spiderman-esque kid-friendly film.
 This film explores whatever happened to hot James Dean-esque rock `n' roller, Eddie Wilson, after he mysteriously vanished in 1964.
 Speaking of make-up, why no one else recognizes Eddie (upon shaving off his Robert Goulet-esque moustache) before the climactic confrontations with Sal Amato and then Lou Eisen is simply a gross lapse in basic logic.
 The scene in which Beowulf fights Grendel's mother is especially bad - there's lots of shrieking and strobe-light-esque movements that seem almost comical in this day and age.
B&G is more drama than action.<br />I'm afraid to say that as a commercial product, the movie has some hollywod-esque concessions (constant cursing -somehow justified by the director and crew in their commentary-, the obligatory romance).
The action scenes are very dry cut and not so megaexplosive huge blockbuster boy movie-esque, but really aren't those available everywhere?
but it was overly influenced by ben stiller, so it ends up being a "classic" ben stiller-esque movie (not a compliment) that very much a different theme/ topic but same ben stiller non-funny push to make funny- squirm in your seat because you can't believe you let yourself watch another ben stiller movie.
2009.  The movie also shows how Harvey Milk was an important force in derailing the bigoted Joseph McCarthey-esque statewide Briggs Initiative, which would have required the firing of gay teachers and their supporters in the California Public Schools.
Liked the lost father story line, semi-futuristic setting, the Rocky-esque underdog, and even the love story that thankfully wasn't a large part of the movie.
The Charlie Kenton Story* - An ESPN-esque expose set right before Atom's big fight with the champ.
Dakota eventually obtains his own robot, and the two field it against the top robot champion in a Rocky-esque showdown.
And she is as beautiful as ever, in that form-fitting thigh-split dress and buxom attributes. After a brief Bathory-esque interrment, The film begins with swirls of dark multi-colored paint churning ever-so elegantly to the sounds of a classical composition - quite a pleasing effect.
but it was overly influenced by ben stiller, so it ends up being a "classic" ben stiller-esque movie (not a compliment) that very much a different theme/ topic but same ben stiller non-funny push to make funny- squirm in your seat because you can't believe you let yourself watch another ben stiller movie.
Each of them represents a philosophy. Vernita Green is the repentant killer; O-Ren is the megalomaniacal, Caligula-esque nihilist; Budd is a fatalistic, quiet nihilist; Elle is ambitious, cruel and spiteful.
Fun and Tarantino-esque, but wait for the special ed.
Liked the lost father story line, semi-futuristic setting, the Rocky-esque underdog, and even the love story that thankfully wasn't a large part of the movie.
The Charlie Kenton Story* - An ESPN-esque expose set right before Atom's big fight with the champ.
Dakota eventually obtains his own robot, and the two field it against the top robot champion in a Rocky-esque showdown.
 Furthermore, it seems as though the generally generic Cinderella-esque plot has been tweaked in such a way as to keep the tale entertaining.
One of the finest ways that this is captured is the poetic and ballet-esque motion of the battle sequences.
There were hints of Braveheart-esque traits but sadly this film, while excellent in its own right, falls short.
(And it goes beyond this, giving us glimpses of amoral, anti-government, mafia-esque groups in europe and lone seductress-assassins, the latter of which I hadn't assumed actually existed in reality, but perhaps they do.
It's more interesting than your average dumb-blonde-esque flick.
Natalie Portman sports one of the best, most adorable Pageboy Bobs in the universe. Her amazing "young Uma Thurman-esque" face and voice and acting are amplified 100-fold by the hairstyle that she so unfortnuatly had for only this one movie.
Caught in the midst of a Clinton-esque scandal gone completely bad, Meyers wiggles his way across the political power lines, brokering himself back into the game but at the same time he becomes just as petty and cutthroat as the very people he believed he was fighting against proving politics is a dehumanizing game of the jaded and the ruthless.
 The guy had very little screen time and just delivered stale politically correct blah-blah, in typical Clooney-esque fashion.
 She is an actress whose young son begins uttering Freddy-esque threats as the city is rocked by earthquakes.
I thought the picture quality was great despite some criticism here.<br /><br />The 1st disc has the traditional, Kafka-esque, post-modern genius that makes this one of the best sci-fi film ever.
The film offers the viewer a retro-esque future that mixes the past of the 40's, 50's, 60's and early 70's in one movie but in a brilliant kind of surreal and weird way that it's just scrumbcous like Ridley Scott's "Blade Runner" or Fritz Lang's "Metropolis".
I thought the picture quality was great despite some criticism here.<br /><br />The 1st disc has the traditional, Kafka-esque, post-modern genius that makes this one of the best sci-fi film ever.
The film offers the viewer a retro-esque future that mixes the past of the 40's, 50's, 60's and early 70's in one movie but in a brilliant kind of surreal and weird way that it's just scrumbcous like Ridley Scott's "Blade Runner" or Fritz Lang's "Metropolis".
This is not a thoughtful, Dark Knight-esque movie, but a summer action film.
Cross a boilerplate international secret-agent yarn with a whodunnit, or rather a whoisit, mix in some Rocky-esque training sequences and top it off with a documentary on the wierd because-it's-there mountain-climbing culture, and you have "The Eiger Sanction.
Javier Bardem steals the show here as a zombie-esque bad guy who kills people with a cattle gun as he stalks Josh Brolin who has Bardem's $2 million from a drug deal gone bad.
When an important executive of the NASA-esque company where Hawke works is murdered, he becomes the prime suspect when an eyelash of his is identifed during the police investigation.
Granted, Gattaca certainly tries to be all things to all people - it sells itself variously as a Philip K. Dick-esque sci-fi, as a Tense Political Thriller, an Edgy Romance, even as a Rumination on Filial Love and Obligation - but in my book it fails badly on every count.
For all of the people who mock Gregg Araki's dialogue, his poor, home-video-esque directing and his sloppy editing, I have one thing to say: you're all correct.
First, there was the demon-esque vampire makeup.
The film is a gritty,  thought-provoking drama which does not feel the need to have a  Hollywood-esque 'happy' ending.
the Scotland of Trainspotting is a rather depressing land of dingy, Detroit-esque post-industrial decay, and even the natural beauty of the local highlands isn't enough to overcome the cynicism that's overtaken Renton and most of his friends.
He spews the Nazi-esque propaganda with nary a flaw or pause, his powerful preaching frightening convincing at times.
 Halfway through, the character drama deteriorates into a wrestling movie, complete with a ridiculous Rocky-esque final championship match!
 It doesn't matter much these days what the topic surrounds, as long as there are long picture-esque images of Americana (or some other country), coupled with a tender moment, a blasting score, and sympathy towards anything - than the epic will reign supreme.
 But even for Scorsese, a comedy entails a word processor's date with a nice girl turning into an infinitely Kafka-esque nightmare where one bad episode follows another.
 The movie is a must-see for everyone who relishes end-of-the-world, Soylent Green-esque environmental disaster films.
 If you like Love Stories, then buy this movie.  Crouching Tiger has it all. Drama, matrix-esque fight scenes.
 If you are looking for a slapstick Jackie Chan-esque martial arts fun-fest in the vein of Drunken Master, this IS NOT your movie.
 The songs are cute and Disney-esque, and Alice's adventures inspire all of the many imaginative people out in the world.
<p>Pacino gives a tour de force performance, delivering his lines with typical Pacino-esque vigor.
The score composed by John Powell was all right; It suited the action-esque atmosphere in the movie but you'll be hard pressed to even bother paying attention to it.
And finally, Anna Paquin concludes her pointless attempt at conceptualizing Rogue. Instead of the Southern, wonder girl-esque charm, there is the typical $5.
 Fairly disturbing as well though (Requium For a Dream-esque.
Cross a boilerplate international secret-agent yarn with a whodunnit, or rather a whoisit, mix in some Rocky-esque training sequences and top it off with a documentary on the wierd because-it's-there mountain-climbing culture, and you have "The Eiger Sanction.
 Bruce Willis is wonderful as the Rambo-esque superguy who outwits, outplays, and outlasts the heavily-armed killers, and reveals just enough of his tender side to endear his character to the audience.
 Mumbles almost has this Michael Jackson-esque quality about him.
Crisp, gorgeous ice and artic landscapes, almost feels National Geographic-esque at times.
This movie is almost Parent Trap-esque with Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen playing two different girls, yet it also has definite overtones of the Prince and the Pauper.
There are lots of amusing Python-esque puns and jokes sprinkled throughout the film, the kind of verbal gags that make you simultaneously chuckle and.
Do I want to see Cera be more like Vin Diesel? Of course not. Would we like to see Black be more Dinero-esque?
Black's weird/stoned facial gestures, Cera's  awkwardness, and Beavis and Butthead-esque jokes comprise the bulk of this movie's humor.
(my least favorite part is easily the way that, when the vampires bite, their mouths extend to a ludicrous Steven Tyler-esque proportion.
It was his cunning and wisdom that defeated Dracula, not a rapid fire cross bow and Dresden Files-esque duster.
 The film often references Heisenberg's Uncertainty Principle and is told in a rather Twilight-Zone-esque fashion.
The girl warrior is quite easy on the eyes but the Frankenstein-esque warrior is just so funny it's sad.
 Ending the Cold War and nuclear arms is an important message  -- too bad the campy sixties-style Batman-esque flick doesn't carry it well.
Eventually, he settles his differences in a Fight Club-esque manner -- which is more ridiculous than it sounds -- in order to make way for some more subplots that make absolutely no sense and go nowhere.
evil), and comes out on top (he turns out good)! He is the quintessiantal human character, "Odyssey-esque" (as old Cock used to say), an everyman for today.
 The acting is goofy, the special effects are &quot;Clash of the Titans&quot;-esque, and Ash seems to get his shotgun out of nowhere after coming out of the pit; but, you love it anyway cause its funny and good for a viewing at anytime of the day or night.
 To show off contemporary versions (circa 1990) of Ray Harryhausen-esque stop-motion techniques:<p>The special effects, while dated in the face of CGI prodigiousness, are enormous and spectacular.
Despite Hector Elizondo's caricature performance as a Columbo-esque detective and the fact that the film celebrates being shallow as much as it condemns such behavior, it scores some hits, not the least of which is the breezy opening song by Blondie.
 Bruce Willis is wonderful as the Rambo-esque superguy who outwits, outplays, and outlasts the heavily-armed killers, and reveals just enough of his tender side to endear his character to the audience.
I was very surprised watching this ancient dungeons and dragons-esque film.
Why have a pair of Laurel & Hardy-esque style sheriffs in what is supposedly a film of uncompromising savagery?
 And how very close help was...  Little Craven-esque  quirks tended to pop up (such as a sudden shift from extreme violence to a  scene of almost slapstick humor) that will remind viewers of the Elm Street  and Scream series.
 The apes inhabit a Flintstone-esque city and are divided into three different castes, the Orangutangs, who are the politicans and keepers of the faith, and seemingly the caste in absolute control, the Gorillas, whoa re the workers and the soldiers, and who seem to occupy the lowest position, and the Chimpanzees, who are the scientists and intellectuals.
 Film  and TV legend Henry Winkler added a lot of gusto to the film in the  supporting role of Alfred's Emeril-esque dad as well.
 Film  and TV legend Henry Winkler added a lot of gusto to the film in the  supporting role of Alfred's Emeril-esque dad as well.
Forget &quot;Dances with Wolves.&quot;  Kevin Costner outdoes himself as an actor in this superb Capra-esque movie that is filled with magic rarely seen onscreen.
 As said to Scrooge by Marley, "you'll be the only person who's cold in Hell!" - A nice little nod to the Dante-esque concept of Hell being frozen at its core.
THINGS TO DO IN DENVER WHEN YOU'RE DEAD does begin with somereally overt Tarantino-esque dialog and scene set up.
What's special about Almodovar films is that he is able to explore the naked-ness of humanity creating this "Othello"-esque scenario wherein people are exposed as people -- human enough to feel, be hurt and heal.
Some of the images, such as the massive crowds cheering on the monks as they sang Robin Hood-esque songs, brought tears to my eyes.
Five hot teen girls in a Hard Days Night-esque sort of movie, but with way more controversial, under age sexuality.
<p>This movie was excellent. A wonderful feel to it; very &quot;Mission: Impossible-esque.
As for the human cast, Brendan Fraser, here a hapless stunt man whose dad just happens to be a 007-esque spy star both in character and for real (played broadly, if briefly, by ex-Bond Timothy Dalton), is a little bland, and the normally witty Jenna Elfman is mostly eye candy as the studio exec.
As for the human cast, Brendan Fraser, here a hapless stunt man whose dad just happens to be a 007-esque spy star both in character and for real (played broadly, if briefly, by ex-Bond Timothy Dalton), is a little bland, and the normally witty Jenna Elfman is mostly eye candy as the studio exec.
As for the human cast, Brendan Fraser, here a hapless stunt man whose dad just happens to be a 007-esque spy star both in character and for real (played broadly, if briefly, by ex-Bond Timothy Dalton), is a little bland, and the normally witty Jenna Elfman is mostly eye candy as the studio exec.
John Ratzenberger pops up as a strikingly Bumble-esque Yeti, and Frank Oz and Bonnie Hunt round out the team.
Although the overall plot was amazing, I could not help but be sidetracked by some of the ridiculously soap-opera-esque sub-plots.
 What?  So, in this version, we do have a Dracula-esque human being who takes the young lad under his wing.
The actors are easy on the eyes and believable (particularly the low-key, girl-next-door-esque Lori Heuring).
 Neeson is very convincing as a calm, collected, demolition man who knows all sorts of random, McGuyver-esque tricks and barely breaks a sweat as he chases cars on foot, takes out a dozen guys in a minute, and breaks all manners of bones and heads, while wrecking parts of Paris, to track down his daughter.
his own appearance makes this segment positively Fellini-esque.
"Cry_Wolf" is a film that calls back to the slasher films of the late 90's. In other words, it's a "Scream"-esque who-dunnit with a low body count (I think the lowest ever for a horror movie) and virtually no gore.
You would expect the Toto guys to make sure this was the case. Highlights are Africa, Rosanna (with a funky "little feat-esque" breakdown at the end), Hold The Line.
The Bottom Line:<br /><br />The special effects are nifty and I guess the Chinatown-esque plot is kinda fun, but the gimmick ran stale for me after the first half hour and I wanted a bit more to fall back on than Hoskins' growling and Christopher Lloyd's scenery chewing; I can see why everyone else loves it, but I was not especially enthused.
well, actually still looks pretty impressively Kraken-esque.
<p>Despite all these flaws, I really enjoyed this movie. The story is fascinating and moving, and The Sixth Sense-esque approach to depict Nash's schizophrenia from his point of view worked very well.
 It's that Gilliam-esque mastery of the absurd; treat it as if it happens  every day.
 The 7  1/2 floor is almost &quot;Gilliam-esque&quot;- in fact, when I first saw  the preview I assumed it was Terry Gilliam's (Brazil, 12 Monkeys) newest  film.
 I went into 'Charlie's Angels' wanting only to see a little Bond-esque action and, of course, Lucy Liu.
Every time the film employs cheesy '70s-esque montage sequences, every time the camera goes wicked slow when the girls toss their hair, and every time an action scene comes up (which takes things from films like The Matrix, Mission: Impossible, and True Lies), it's all a parody.
 It rises above the source material in so many ways, and injects alot of Kafka-esque black humor.
The final episode in the set is the adorbale Disney-esque episode "The Starchild" in which two races of people fight over the cutody of an adorable but very powerful young girl.
And, contrary to what many "anime" fans believe, the movie IS NOT ANIME. It is an American sci-fi/fantasy-esque adventure flick.
The meltdown in Mousedom continues with this disappointing tripe.  Despite the Jules Verne-esque trappings and hints of Victorian elegance, this movie quickly descends into an embarassing, offensive, unlikely combination of "The Abyss" & "Musquito Coast.
 They are some combination of sluggish island people, fierce jungle fighters, and "Battlestar Galactica-esque" pre-historic technowizards.
This movie has almost none of the magic of the original. The Stifler-esque racist, the butthole cooks, it was just boring.
 They were under some tremdous pressure to do the film I understand.  When it comes to crude, John Waters-esque humor, I usually find it more amusing than I do funny.
"No WMD in Iraq"; "It's all about Oil (not answering Islamic terror)"; evil fat, Haliberton-esque Montana Senator; good, but ineffective, executive branch and US Attorneys; bad Congress and its secret operatives (evil Serbian sniper).
 Seems the good Colonel is actually a subversive government agent working for a Dick Cheney-esque senator, Charles F.
 The great disguises that were created for Val Kilmer's character and his techno gagetry add to the films "bond-esque" feel, while the romance with Elizabeth Shue's character is both engaging and central to the story, rather than an "eye candy" afterthought.
The soft-focused, noir-esque, 1930s-style retrofuture of "Sky Captain" is a visual feast to behold, unabashedly revelling in obvious influences as Lang's "Metropolis" and B-movies of the 1930s.
No one knows who is behind this until they call Sky Captain (Jude Law) who has his own incredible James Bond-esque plane that can swim under water as well as fly.
Reily (nice to see him doing drama again), the father is an oblivious Fred Flinstone-esque idiot that wants a friend more than a son.
 well what is it then?  Hmm . . it's a strange mixture of a film.  For the most part the  film is a Warhol-esque depiction of a troubled artist (Fererra under the  pseudonym Jimmy Lane) descending into madness and paranoia, padded out with  art-lessly shot footage of drugged out punks and all set against a heavy  rock soundtrack.
showing him scruffy with facial hair most of the film, overweight with a paunch belly, and jovial homo-esque eroticisms with the Woody Harrelson (Stan Lloyd) character.
Instead of adding to tension, these cuts into odd confessionals, jittery music video-esque blurbs, and photo negative images remove the viewer from the urgency of the scene, and make them too aware that they're watching movie.
 All the same, the comparison will only take you so far; even when performing such Garland-esque material as Jolson's "My Mammy," Minnelli is distinctly herself.
<p>Pacino gives a tour de force performance, delivering his lines with typical Pacino-esque vigor.
Splendidly combining live-animal action with Jim Henson-esque animatronics, Noonan's irresistible "Babe" is a story about flouting convention and realizing one's potential.
 Finally, though, the soap-opera-esque acting wins the day and at the end of the movie one can't be sure if Sarah's upset because Mama's died before she can make amends, or because she didn't think of asking Mahalia Jackson to sing at her own funeral.
What keeps the movie from being another "Dangerous Minds"-esque film is Dunne's own inner turmoil, and the opposing character played by Anthony Mackie, who is also trying to "help" Drey by getting her to deal drugs with him.
 Yet the couple is married in a Hindu-esque environment (Indian music, the bride and her attendants wear saris, the wedding cake boasts a huge elephant.
As Reggie, Shavar Ross also adds a welcome spot of cultural diversity to the cast, although his character's Prince-esque brother Demon (Miguel A.
&quot;Evil Dead&quot; is indeed without question, the BEST zombie-esque movie since &quot;Night Of The Living Dead&quot;, and is a non-stop thrill ride at every turn!
 This is not the shoddy Ted Turner-esque colorization of the 1980s, and the advance of technology in the interim decades certainly shows in a positive way.
 They are a sort of reverse Abbott and Costello.  The two must save Good Burger from Mondo Burger, a Dave and Busters-esque new restaurant across the street and its successful but cruel manager Kurt, who always refers to himself in the third person.
Real-life singer Ronee Blakely stands out as a troubled star modeled after Loretta Lynn. In yet another grand Altman-esque gesture, the actors composed their own songs for "Nashville" --and what a soundtrack it is!
 They must rise to the supreme challenge after the reigning superhero, a corporate-sponsored, Ken Doll-esque Greg Kinnear, gets vaporized by one of the good guys.
For the first hour this movie says nothing and goes nowhere except to a "Smallville"-esque high school where typical teen angst-ridden drama ensues complete with a soundtrack of popular "in" music only and reels of product placement.
Let me just get this off my chest: The character of Malcolm Tucker is Columbo-esque in its perfection.
If I hear the words "snappy dialogue" "david mamet" "aaron sorkin-esque" etc.
 With "Reloaded", what began as a single successful film becomes an updated "Star Wars"-esque trilogy, with a seemingly unbeatable first film, a middle piece, and a battle-filled climax.
"The Red Violin" is a mediocre, highly superficial film that follows the creation and life of a Stradivari-esque fiddle over several centuries, through various owners in Europe, Asia, and finally, North America.
The second thing that's not so hot is a police station scene where Robert Cummings tries (and fails) to be a Capra-esque "ordinary man" hero bucking authority by appealing to the Founding Fathers' principles.
Chips, A Night at the Opera, And the Pride of the Yankees.  The film is very Capra-esque however with great performances from the entire cast.
 He has fantasies about being a rock star and, wouldn't you know it, grows up to be a Hitler-esque dictator.
While the more intense persona isn't seen, he nails that playboy-esque side of 007 as well as the resourceful and knowledgeable side who can shoot his way through anything.
 And the mystical light at the heart of the island?  I can't think of anything more contrived and Disney-esque.
This film keeps getting the trailer and media exposure of being another Crash-esque (1995) style film with a serious coverage of psychotic "wannabes" that wish for physical/medical impairments.
Romero is perhaps the best horror movie of the year! this is a very "Blair Witch Project" and "Cannibal Holocaust"-esque movie that  takes the viewer on a terrifying and grisly journey through hell from the eyes of filmmakers in their point of view.
His sudden epiphany as bow-wielding hero and Yoda-esque wise man is more than a bit too much to accept.
It was highly enjoyable and scary enough for my taste in its B movie way. Some great John Carpenter-esque performances.
 Though Carpenter enlists certain elements that may be stereotypical, such as the Romero-esque zombies and the notion of all-encompassing evil attempting to over-take good, Carpenter adds his own unique twists.
It is cleverly and artfully presented, with Chuck Jones'  trademark Looney Tunes-esque animation, and a sweet little story, which,  though rather slim, holds the viewer's interest for every single one of its  eighty-six minutes.
 To my delight, it was very thrilling and Hitchcock-esque in nature.
 To my delight, it was very thrilling and Hitchcock-esque in nature.
 Norman Reedus, the weaselly-villain-esque character had angry eyes and an obsession with power .
Perhaps it's the PG rating, but I feel that the dark side of Montana--seamy, smoke-filled, Lolo-esque, where lost souls lurk in the shadows of drunkenness and addiction--is never fully realized (case-in-point: Paul, as well as Jessie's brother).
Even their helmets are brown leather. Really ridiculous. The battle scenes are also very "Gladiator"-esque, with the soldiers pretty much wandering off to pick their own individual fights, but for their sake, they weren't even in formation in that scene, so that's an excuse.
Why would he cut an important keystone of the book's plot? Yet he decides to replace that with Cuban Missile Crisis-esque conflict down on Earth, which feels incredibly irrelevant in present year of 2004.
This 70-minute &quot;semi-feature&quot; film conceived by ex-Python Eric Idle who plays the Paul McCartney-esque character Dirk McQuickly was produced by Lorne Michaels of SNL and includes various cameos from the classic SNL cast (Bill Murray, John Belushi, Dan Ackroyd, Gilda Radner) as well as cameos from Mick Jagger, Ron Wood, Paul Simon, ex-Python Michael Palin and even George Harrison himself as an interviewer!
 With an in-depth knowledge of the Beatles, Idle (who plays the McCartney-esque character, Dirk) satires the history of the Fab Four.
 Wonderfully bizarre and a &quot;must see&quot; for  anyone into Gibson-esque cyberpunk.
 There's something kind of Pee-wee-esque about Treadwell.
 He, like Treadwell, held idealized, Jack London-esque beliefs about life in the Arctic, amid the wildlife.
However, over time I have seen the movie repeatedly & despite my initial feeling of it being done too hippy-esque I have come appreciate it for the fine film that it truly is.
 It didn't really feel like an adventure, as one might assume from her Indiana Jones-esque character.
 The surreal, Kafka-esque story that formed its basis was solid, and for the most part, the acting was up to snuff.
Ironically, music from Danny Elfman also succeeds in giving this film that sort of superhero, Burton Batman-esque feel as well, which is a strange coincidence considering they were all made around the same period, but with vastly different reception.
All in all, great for Bey/Bruckheimer-esque entertainment, but horrible in everything else.
The religious girl mows down a group of soldiers like she's watering the garden... pffft... the kickback with her rambo-esque blaze of glory (short burst people.
The wigs and skinhead caps are hilarious! Stare wide-eyed as one manson-family-esque killer goes haywire, tossing people into a blazing fireplace!
Propelled by Matt Munro's Sinatra-esque rendition of the memorable title tune, this family-friendly nature film directed by James Hill was a must-see when it was originally released in 1966.
Deep Roy (from "Big Fish" and "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory") sneaks in too, as the Napoleon-esque skelton.
The story is much closer to one of the Grimm's Fairy Tales, with no Tim Burton-esque moments added.
Sounds Ashton Kutcher-esque to me.
The piano duet sequence with Victor and Victoria playing a moody, Chopin-esque<br /><br />piece is moving, while the underground creatures warble wild Fats Waller-meets-Offenbach numbers.
 It lacks the both earnest charm of the original comic as well as the Matrix-esque glitz and gusto that makes The Ultimates one of the most readable and cleverly modern comics published today.
to be fair, they were plagued by waterworld-esque weather and location problems, and at $200 million, you really just need to get the picture finished, because hey, no one's really happy that it cost that much in the first place.
 At least we have this sordid little flick as a kind of document of that long lost Mappelthorpe-esque era.
Nightmares, hello! He appears in an almost Adam & Eve-esque scenario.
 Think of a Kurosawa-esque film with more action, or a martial arts film with a greater emphasis on character and plot and you'll have Shogun's Samurai.
a stately mansion/castle w/ intensely loyal servants and a cavalcade of one-of-a-kind gizmos and James-Bond-esque weapons and gadgets, not to mention a garage full of Jaguars, Porsches and BMW's.
This movie contains a bit of everything: Coen-esque directing, which is always a pro, a witty screenplay, funny storyline, very well casted, etc.
I, like so many others, was loathe to see another Anne Rice-esque vampire movie.
In SLICES OF LIFE, it's tied together with a Barker-esque BOOKS OF BLOOD style story entitled "Sketcher" about a chick that wakes up with partial amnesia and keeps finding books made of flesh and blood.
 Other Amazon reviewers have compared this film to "The Tree of Life" -- But frankly, TOL was a Disney-esque experience compared to "Melancholia".
The bright flashback scenes are contrasted by the dark campus slasher scenes, in which Fukasaku utilizes SUSPIRIA-esque gelled lighting to create a nightmarish mood.
I especially loved the ending, it was original.<p>There is a Tenchi-esque feel to this series, so if you like Tenchi, you'll love this.
haha). The first story is a western-esque love story involving English aristocrat Lady Sarah Ashley (played by Nicole Kidman) and "the Drover" played by Hugh Jackman.
A widescreen presentation that is CinemaScope-esque.
haha). The first story is a western-esque love story involving English aristocrat Lady Sarah Ashley (played by Nicole Kidman) and "the Drover" played by Hugh Jackman.
A widescreen presentation that is CinemaScope-esque.
S plays an ex-FBI agent who had to retire for various Dirty Harry-esque actions/brutality.
 Director Rick Rosenthal (who directed the latest Halloween: Resurrection) decided to go without most of the cat & mouse-esque Carpenter style suspense of the first film, opting instead to make the film much more graphic than the original.
Very Tarantino-esque, but Duffy leaves Tarantino for dead.
I was more or less expecting a Tarantino-esque crime movie with some wierdass characters and lots of cursing, which is more or less what I got.
I would've preferred either a longer film with a more fleshed out progression of events, or a more Tarantino/Scorcese-esque approach giving the actors more time to indulge us with their characters peculiarities.
To start, Boondock Saints is blatently inspired by the Tarentino-esque style that has seemed to become popular among the indie crowd lately.
Boondock Saints is an odd movie, know that going in.  It has some Tarantino-esque violence and surreal humor.
In a Skywalker-esque plot twist at the end, the three team up to execute a mobster as he pleads innocent in the courtroom.
 And I'll take a good Tarantino-esque vibe anyday.
 The "Dutch" guy appears out of nowhere, and he's made out to be some sort of super-killer, Hannible Lector-esque character but the only thing really said about him was something like "they only use him when things get really bad.
If you like Tim Burtons work, you will appreciate the skewed perspectives, the painted sets, and the Edward Scissorhads-esque "Somnambulist".
With bold, "Pee-Wee's Playhouse"-like doors, Burton-esque buildings, and a dream-like town, director Robert Wiene (along with his set designer and cinematographer) was well beyond the 1900s.
The Prime Gig, directed by Gregory Mosher and written by Bill Wheeler, is good stuff. A sort of Mamet-esque tale of telemarketing and betrayal.
<p>If you are looking for a sedative, "Glitter" is the film for you. If you're not, skip this Ishtar-esque flop and look for something else to watch.
The documentary-esque realism is very much alive in this film and I have to say that Liman is an excellent director.
 Not to mention the fact that when Doom switches to it's first person-esque view towards the climax, that's when the film goes into complete and utter cheese territory.
 And for someone expecting to see a new Final Fantasy-esque storyline on the silver screen, my expectations were not met.
Generally entertaining, but a mixed bag. The script: at times hilarious, but then veers into obnoxious Coen-esque caricature.
 The great disguises that were created for Val Kilmer's character and his techno gagetry add to the films "bond-esque" feel, while the romance with Elizabeth Shue's character is both engaging and central to the story, rather than an "eye candy" afterthought.
It's a very Alfred Hitchcock-esque movie that offers excellent performances and a very horrific torture scene that is guaranteed not for the faint of heart, anyone who enjoys thrillers and shockers i recommend this movie.
It's a very Alfred Hitchcock-esque movie that offers excellent performances and a very horrific torture scene that is guaranteed not for the faint of heart, anyone who enjoys thrillers and shockers i recommend this movie.
 I never would have thought this movie would be anything more than mediocre.  The title and the Lake Placid-esque cover seemed to promise a turkey but "Frankenfish" turned out to be a little gem peppered with generous doses of gore and nudity.
There are no showy Edward Albee-esque scenes, no moments of great revelation that draw us closer to the characters, and the result is that we are indifferent to their fate at the end of the film.
A unique Twilight Zone-esque tale with fine performances and creepy moments.
Purple Butterfly is Lou Ye's follow-up to his dreamy Suzhou River, a Wong Kar-Wai-esque tragic love affair.
 Someone will finish talking about plastic surgery, Byron will utter his Elmer Fudd-esque laugh, and then he'll turn to someone else and say, "So, what do you think about airport security?
 It's noir-esque with flashes of color sort of like sky captain but it just feels like a competent sci-fi flick.
This is not a happy film, and there is no Hollywood-esque upbeat ending.
The score composed by John Powell was all right; It suited the action-esque atmosphere in the movie but you'll be hard pressed to even bother paying attention to it.
And finally, Anna Paquin concludes her pointless attempt at conceptualizing Rogue. Instead of the Southern, wonder girl-esque charm, there is the typical $5.
He becomes a suspect while he tracks the real killer through a Fellini-esque landscape, and still finds time to interact with his European girl friend.
 The movie, as someone mentioned, AS USUAL, was "Hollywood-esqued" but still has a wonderful surprise ending.
 As the story moves towards its inevitable, Akira-esque conclusion, the revolutionary workers in the city attempt to gain control, although it becomes clear they are merely pawns of a larger force.
Ends with an Akira-esque apocalyptic "intended-climax" (I use the term 'climax' advisedly, for it is anything but) in which everything blows up.
 ///// Dana: Hello, Peter. Peter Venkman: [whips around Melodramatically, and speaks in a soap opera-esque deep tone] Hello, Dana.
 Both are superfluous, however, as the real attraction is the EPK-esque "Making of" featurette entitled "Meet The Savages.
Unfortunately, James's anger is as blatant as the bordello-esque crimson Will has painted his father's church.
The music, by Gregor Narholz is magical and John Williams-esque.
 Large-scale indoctrination is accomplished through the visualized, Apple commerical-esque, Big Brother screens of 1984 (used later in V for Vendetta).
<p>Taking a page from 1984 the Tetragrammaton is a Big Brother-esque government, though they seem to rely more on human surveilance than on electronic spying, which suppresses art, culture, and entertainment as they engender to many emotional upwellings.
There are also constant 1984-esque propoganda broadcasts, and the "sense offense" concept of the movie is pretty much the same thing as the "thought crime" of 1984.
 His voice here is the most Beatle-esque and only he could carry this tune the way it should be.
 Speaking of which, the A.T.F shows up, and a Wacco-esque standoff ensues.
While Marlon does as much as he can (despite some CW-esque jokes thrown in there), his character isn't that memorable and leaves the movie like that with no reason why.
 They just launch straight into their tough R & B with snarling guitars, pounding rhythms and mean Jagger-esque presence.
I find myself doing lame Mick Jagger-esque imitations of his dance moves in front of the bathroom mirror.
Aside from the obvious fights with The Lizard that would've been too difficult to stage physically, the parkour-esque running around on walls, the acrobatic flips and mid-air twists, and even the way he slinged his arms and shot his webbing felt a lot more in-tune with the character.
And 3.) Bob - a guy who always wears Reservoir Dog-esque suits; Bob seems frequently annoyed by Dignan's antics but puts up with him because he is kind of lonely.
 The perfect heroine.<br /><br />The way this movie was done, with the dark, gritty, noir-esque settings of Batman and the 'lightness' of the dark comedy from Nicholson's Joker, gives the movie a vitality that all the others have lacked to a certain extent.
Batman Returns has a very creative and &quot;Burton-esque&quot;  visual style, yet it's so unrelentingly dark it can't compare to the first,  and the best.
 It has an almost Troma-esque feel to it (and if you're considering buying this movie, you know who Troma is).
 This is not the shoddy Ted Turner-esque colorization of the 1980s, and the advance of technology in the interim decades certainly shows in a positive way.
Let's start (and maybe finish) with my first complaint. What's with that sappy, cigar addled Jimney Cricket-esque, nostalgia-obsessed - cliched beyond belief - narration that accompanies black and white shots from the past as boringly as any car commercial?
I particularly enjoyed Clive Owen's brief cameo as a James Bond-esque superspy (which makes me even more sad to see the James Bond that should have been.
In the book, there's a fierce dog that bites people's fingers off if they try to leave. Very Burton-esque.
It's not your typical creepy, trippy Tim Burton movie. It's carnival-esque, colorful, funny, and well-written.
Rather, you long for more of his father's adventures, which are full of unexpected people, Burton-esque places and understated intelligence.
 Failing on potential, the Tarantino-esque violence could only carry him so far, and the rest was utter embarrassment.
Smith with a Guy Fawkes mask.  John Hurt is also great, giving a Hitler-esque performance, from everything from his spitting when he talks to his strong bodily movements.
John Hurt plays the leader of the government, a Hitler-esque fascist, but he was largely one-dimensional.
John Hurt does a more than believable job as a Hitler-esque leader, angrily addressing England's people, scaring them into following blindly.
 V for Vendetta is a sci-fi-esque thriller with a connection to today's world.
Though the movie ends with a more Spielberg-esque ending than the book, the conclusion still left me in tears.
What's special about Almodovar films is that he is able to explore the naked-ness of humanity creating this "Othello"-esque scenario wherein people are exposed as people -- human enough to feel, be hurt and heal.
I didn't even need a story- I'd watch hours of the luscious Dali-esque landscapes, flowing ethereal fabric, and twisted Kevorkian-esque creations that make up this film.
Wrong!<p>Moreover, while the imagery in the film is visually stunning and, oftentimes, quite beautiful, almost Dali-esque in its conception and execution, it cannot carry and sustain the film, when the plot and story line thin out.
There are moments, such as the darkening of the room and in REAR WINDOW-esque fashion, Olsen uses an older-fashioned Polariod Instant Camera to illuminate her surroundings.
He's, what, 43 years old? And he's playing an Evel Knievel-esque, motocyclying hotshot who jumps everything from cars to spinning helicopter blades?
His music, and not his behavior, is always the most important thing though.<br /><br />Secondly I reject the whole Oprah-esque, pop psychology tone of this film.
 The competitiveness, the older guy who runs the show, and the taunts between freerunners make this feel like a parkour-esque Step Up or You Got Served.
But it was more than a London-esque test of manhood or rite of passage (though it was certainly that), it was the searching of a poetic soul for meaning, of a highly sensitive and intelligent kid determined to strip away the layers that came between him and the truth, to remove all the masks and see what was behind them.
 In a major Hollywood movie?  <p>To take a Michael Moore-esque view on one final note, we see common thugs and low-lives with automatic weapons wounding and killing innocents, and never even question how such dangerous weapons got into their hands, but somehow this is justified  when a bunch of guys in black kill them off one by one.
 It also has a definite <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000GW8UAE">Simon & Simon - Season One</a>-esque feel to it, being as it is the story of two unlikely and completely opposite partners and the more-than-it-seems adventure they find themselves falling into.
The religious presence of a Catholic-esque Church is especially intriguing.
 Most notably is the episode involving Wooldoor being stalked by a Terminator-esque killer, which starts off funny but goes nowhere fast.
I have to admit that I liked the epcot-esque city in which this story is based.
At no point are we prepared as an audience to be left on a Rocky Balboa-esque note of corny triumph.
At no point are we prepared as an audience to be left on a Rocky Balboa-esque note of corny triumph.
 It rises above the source material in so many ways, and injects alot of Kafka-esque black humor.
Instead of adding to tension, these cuts into odd confessionals, jittery music video-esque blurbs, and photo negative images remove the viewer from the urgency of the scene, and make them too aware that they're watching movie.
Unlike the so-so comic book-esque TOMBSTONE, WYATT EARP tells the real story and takes its time doing so.
 This duo evidently wanted to capture a somber Louis L'Amour-esque look on-screen (the costuming is a dead giveaway), as their tragic interpretation of Earp's life story often resembles an Old West version of "The Godfather," replacing mobsters with frontier cops.
 Returning to Missouri to study law under his grandfather (Giorgio E. Tripoli), a judge, he revives a Dante-esque romance with Urilla Sutherland (Annabeth Gish), marries her, loses her to typhoid within a year, and goes on a nine-month drunk that ends when he steals a horse and is bailed out by his father.
 (You can immediately see the difference the moment Charles Previn's George Gerschwin-esque music kicks in).
The superficial texture of it is fun if you recall the era -- the clothes, the furniture, the Bacharach-esque soundtrack music.
 Aside from capturing the grittiness of Prohibition-era life, as opposed to the overly clean _Chicago_-esque images, this is an intellectual and emotional gangster film.
 And of course Rob Reiner's Capra-esque moment is Shepard fighting back at the end, defending his membership of the ACLU and the rights of his girlfriend to burn flags.
 ///// Dana: Hello, Peter. Peter Venkman: [whips around Melodramatically, and speaks in a soap opera-esque deep tone] Hello, Dana.
"The Red Violin" is a mediocre, highly superficial film that follows the creation and life of a Stradivari-esque fiddle over several centuries, through various owners in Europe, Asia, and finally, North America.
This is a gorgeous fantasy epic with a hefty dose of Monty Python-esque comedy thrown in for good measure.
 The cast is pretty close to all star including Robin Williams, Uma Thurman as a Botticelli-esque Venus, John Neville and even Terry Gilliam himself.
David Lynch's take on Dune is nothing short of pretty darn good. It definitely gets weird (a.k.a. David Lynch-esque) in places, but overall the feel and tone of the movie are wonderful.
All in all, great for Bey/Bruckheimer-esque entertainment, but horrible in everything else.
 Add to that the fact that she has Audrey Hepburn-esque beauty (a grand statement to make, I know, but she won me over on first glance), and you'd think she'd be a star for a long time.
"Nightcrawler" tells the viewer about the blue devil-esque mutant's origin for when the Rogue, Gambit & Wolverine are on a Ski trip in Germany they must try to protect him from angry yet confused local village folk.
The standout is little Abigail Breslin as young Olive, who has a Dakota Fanning-esque acting talent which really makes the film.
 The whole pageant atmosphere was Fellini-esque and completely cringe-inducing.
 Everyone gives absolutely wonderful performances.  Greg Kinnear is especially pitch perfect as the "Tony Robbins-esque" motivational speaking Dad trying to land a big deal.
Stark, strange existentialist dialogue (and exchanged matchbooks) and low, burbly Broken Social Scene-esque carries it.
 There are  chain swords and hedge trimmer weapons, a huge steampunk-esque outpost, and  guys with armour reminicient of robocop.
 I could care less about the silly flash-esque games, the documentaries, storyboards, family game night features, sing-a-long, crap.
 There's something kind of Pee-wee-esque about Treadwell.
 He, like Treadwell, held idealized, Jack London-esque beliefs about life in the Arctic, amid the wildlife.
 The script reminded me of someone trying to be Quentin Tarantino-esque, but falling pitifully short.
 One of the reasons I liked this movie so much was that it just seemed so Corman-esque in nature, like it was made just for the hell of it.
There's one sequence where a &quot;Godfather&quot;-esque character is upset about a family member's death, tosses up his arms, and the camera literally stays with the group for a minute afterwards as the actors kick dirt around and fidget, apparently anxious for the director to yell &quot;Cut!
Disney's quality of films have been diminishing greatly, ever since they lost there &quot;Musical-esque&quot; style after THe Hunchback of Notredame.
<p>Pacino gives a tour de force performance, delivering his lines with typical Pacino-esque vigor.
 Bravo to the filmmakers for casting Moore, who vividly portrayed the anguish and Odyssey-esque emotional journey of her character (whose name is Telly).
 Or, perhaps, nobody really knew what the truth was.  Here we had this huge surprise Shyamalan-esque styled ending, but I never really felt as if the actors were on the same page.
 When I saw this film for the first time I CRIED.  This is a truly classic, Paddington Bear-esque cartoon rendition (interwoven with stinging, disturbing pop-art perspective shots) of a brutally upsetting event that makes you want to run to Mum and give her a hug.
Primal Scream at their best are acid house/70's era stones-esque/gospel tinged/with a fair amount of art-rock thrown in for good measure.
One of the finest ways that this is captured is the poetic and ballet-esque motion of the battle sequences.
There were hints of Braveheart-esque traits but sadly this film, while excellent in its own right, falls short.
 It's not cartoonish or Disney-esque at all, but it does do a very nice job of showing the benefits of having a healthy respect and appreciation for animals.
 Even if you don't like boxing, even if you're hoping for a ROCKY-esque film, you won't be disappointed in MILLION DOLLAR BABY.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
 Sinbad makes me love being a man.  Especially when his man-boobs bounch Baywatch-esque as he inexplicably runs away from undead pirates on an isle of mystery and undead pirates.
The girl grows up to be a stripper, played blandly by a Lolita-esque Jessica Alba.
The characters ramble on in moments of deep thought, revealing what makes them tick. It's filled to the brim with Arnold-esque one-liners.
There's also a lot of Tarantino-esque recursion in the plot line (not to mention that the character of Miho is straight out the Crazy-88 in _Kill Bill_, and so are her weapons), reminiscent of _Pulp Fiction_: The beginning isn't necessarily the beginning, nor is the end the end.
The "special-effects" graphics and video manipulation delivering cartoon-esque visual cinema has been done ad nauseum--"Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid", "Roger Rabbitt", "Forrest Gump", "Gladiator", are all better examples of like talents used to better results.
The girl grows up to be a stripper, played blandly by a Lolita-esque Jessica Alba.
If you are looking for another Twilight-esque vampire film, look elsewhere.
 However, although they do the best they can, there is no saving this banal, movie of the week-esque movie.
Can't remember), and then crashes into the snowy surface of the future-Earth. No more sexist, macho, or Eisenhower-era-esque than the average "Star Trek" episode (was this one of Gene Roddenberry's favorite films?
 There has been much talk of the frozen bodies still on Everest.  You will not find them in this Disney-esque feature.
 The Kafka-esque storyline is meant to be so outrageous as to be funny and if taken in that spirit many of the scenes are very entertaining indeed.
I really love period pieces and just about everything Jane Austen-esque.
What can I say? It's BORING! I'm not a huge fan of Tom Hanks, especially with this mullet-esque hair (it's ok to hate me), but I love Iam McCellan and Jean Reno, but these great actors just couldn't save this movie.
After megadoses of Terminator-esque computerized special effects, I love a good low budget flick where the film makers make the most with what they have.
if u like the scream-esque type of horror, beautiful cast, elaborate deaths, creepy moments and brutal killings this movie is for u would like to see this.
The original was more of a Hitchcock Psycho-esque thriller that inspired "Halloween" and many slasher movies for years to come, this one is more of a "Friday The 13th"-esque gorefeast of grueling scenes like cannibalism, eyeball mutilation that would make Fulci smile and more.
David Lynch's take on Dune is nothing short of pretty darn good. It definitely gets weird (a.k.a. David Lynch-esque) in places, but overall the feel and tone of the movie are wonderful.
She does get one last Silence-of-the-Lambs-esque scene, as the movie ties up the final loose end, but it could have used more of these types of scenes.
From the Cher-fueled score, to the tongue-in-cheek performances, to the Tim Burton-esque dream-like oddity, to the emotionally touching ending, "Post Modern Prometheus" is a jewel among an already glistening array.
 xXx uses a plethora of James Bond-esque type gadgets and excellorates them using X-Treme sports.
Intense finish to the two parter that ended the last disc. I liked the yoda-esque johnny character alot.
I don't begrudge them these things but the show is supposed to be about a normal family, not some made for TV Monkee-esque family that deals with fame- not at least when they are crying "poor us" to churches and accepting love offerings and $20/pic of their kids.
If you like Tim Burtons work, you will appreciate the skewed perspectives, the painted sets, and the Edward Scissorhads-esque "Somnambulist".
With bold, "Pee-Wee's Playhouse"-like doors, Burton-esque buildings, and a dream-like town, director Robert Wiene (along with his set designer and cinematographer) was well beyond the 1900s.
Wimmer draws not only on his own Equilibrium, but also on vampire movies and basically any generic sci-fi-esque thriller, and combines them all together with Milla Jovovich, who does a decent job at selling her character and looks pretty darned good too.
 Kiefer Sutherland's Peter Lorre-esque dialogue is kind of annoying, but you get used to it, and it's interesting to see him so vulnerable and weak, like Bruce Willis in "12 Monkeys" or Denzel Washington in "The Manchurian Candidate (2004)".
 Rufus Sewell, Jennifer Connoly, and William Hurt are more than passable, and Kiefer Sutherland's perfomance as a Lorre-esque psychologist must be seen to be believed.
As far as urban Frankenstein-esque movies go, Indestructible Man isn't that bad; the decision to have Chaney utter no lines whatsoever after his execution and resurrection seems like a wise move, but then you think about how many additional lines this threw Max Showalter's way.
i can say various things about why i love this movie, but most importantly i think is the hitchcock-esque atmoshpere and the dark alien underworld alongside the innocent down to earth relationship between kyle's and laura's characters play a lot on how a person will view the film.
The emotions are real and the actions intense. And all of that is before touching on the time-travel-esque part of FF.
Instead I was disappointed to find an Indianna Jones-esque adventure.
This movie is a fun mix of various fairy tale references and the Zorre-esque Puss In Boots character from the Shrek films.
The fights contain far too much Matrix-esque wire-fu and some of it is so silly that it makes the film ridiculous.
Lady in the Water is easily an old school Steven Spielberg-esque film.
Although it has a splash of Matrix-sequel-style obtuseness and Terry Gilliam-esque oddness, Lady in the Water is a pretty original animal as far as films are concerned.
As it turns out, Sam, with Keaton-esque antics and eccentric nature, is just the housekeeper that Joon has been looking for, and they fall in love.
 The physical comedy and capturing that Keaton/Chaplin-esque style was fantastic and the same can be said with the brother and sister chemistry between Aidan Quinn and Mary Stuart Masterson.
 Bravo to the filmmakers for casting Moore, who vividly portrayed the anguish and Odyssey-esque emotional journey of her character (whose name is Telly).
 Or, perhaps, nobody really knew what the truth was.  Here we had this huge surprise Shyamalan-esque styled ending, but I never really felt as if the actors were on the same page.
 What's the point?  Every time civilization is engulfed in some sort of cannibalistic, zombie-esque plague many questions get begged and then I fail to enjoy the movie.
Where Smith usually shines, in his predictable hero-esque roles, he fails here--as a scientist who experiment goes wrong.
 I'm glad the directors took a different approach to the Twilight Zone-esque themes of vampires that the original book took.
 So yes, I definitely enjoyed this movie, primarily because of its Tarantino-esque dark humor, and its avoidance of most of what the cover indicates (texas chainsaw-like levels of gore, etc.
No one in the movie truly seems comfortable with the dialogue. It's 40s-esque dialogue and you got people who have been in movies like Erin Brockovich, Lost in Translation, and Dumb & Dumber reciting it.
It's all there, like a paint-by-numbers mockery: monotone Chandler-esque voiceover, check; black-clad femme fatale, check; pouting blonde, corrupt cops, sprawling plot and little resolution, all checked.
 Kiefer Sutherland's Peter Lorre-esque dialogue is kind of annoying, but you get used to it, and it's interesting to see him so vulnerable and weak, like Bruce Willis in "12 Monkeys" or Denzel Washington in "The Manchurian Candidate (2004)".
 Rufus Sewell, Jennifer Connoly, and William Hurt are more than passable, and Kiefer Sutherland's perfomance as a Lorre-esque psychologist must be seen to be believed.
No one in the movie truly seems comfortable with the dialogue. It's 40s-esque dialogue and you got people who have been in movies like Erin Brockovich, Lost in Translation, and Dumb & Dumber reciting it.
It's all there, like a paint-by-numbers mockery: monotone Chandler-esque voiceover, check; black-clad femme fatale, check; pouting blonde, corrupt cops, sprawling plot and little resolution, all checked.
 Why does the film become detrimentally Disney-esque in Scottie's risible nightmare sequence?
As you can imagine, the tension rises as everyone accuses everyone else of being an alien, and a Macarthy-esque hunt ensues.
Why have a pair of Laurel & Hardy-esque style sheriffs in what is supposedly a film of uncompromising savagery?
 And how very close help was...  Little Craven-esque  quirks tended to pop up (such as a sudden shift from extreme violence to a  scene of almost slapstick humor) that will remind viewers of the Elm Street  and Scream series.
"T2" immediately does away with the Del James-esque poetics of the first film and goes for pure commercialism.
Natalie Portman sports one of the best, most adorable Pageboy Bobs in the universe. Her amazing "young Uma Thurman-esque" face and voice and acting are amplified 100-fold by the hairstyle that she so unfortnuatly had for only this one movie.
There are moments, such as the darkening of the room and in REAR WINDOW-esque fashion, Olsen uses an older-fashioned Polariod Instant Camera to illuminate her surroundings.
He TOTALLY makes this movie. In his Boris Karloff-esque performance he is completely hysterical and left me in stitches laughing throughout the entire movie.
 In the games, Liu Kang was always one of my least favorite characters, due to his overblown Bruce Lee-esque imitation, but this film removes that, preventing him from being annoying.
I wish they'd created other cities/kingdoms for the Mario Bros. to visit, as I'd love to see the Blade Runner-esque 'Shroompunk versions of other game worlds.
If you watch the film closely, you'll see that even through the dystopian, Blade Runner-esque art direction and set design, there are a multitude of references to the video games proving that for every gritty aspect of the film that seems like it doesn't fit in with the game, there are many other aspects that are taken straight from the game.
Cross a boilerplate international secret-agent yarn with a whodunnit, or rather a whoisit, mix in some Rocky-esque training sequences and top it off with a documentary on the wierd because-it's-there mountain-climbing culture, and you have "The Eiger Sanction.
<p>I guess 'Harold and Maude' plays on '60s-esque themes of turning maverick, challenging societal moulds, denouncing materialism.
Even the slapstick style humor was weak; almost Benny Hill-esque.
 well what is it then?  Hmm . . it's a strange mixture of a film.  For the most part the  film is a Warhol-esque depiction of a troubled artist (Fererra under the  pseudonym Jimmy Lane) descending into madness and paranoia, padded out with  art-lessly shot footage of drugged out punks and all set against a heavy  rock soundtrack.
There are lots of amusing Python-esque puns and jokes sprinkled throughout the film, the kind of verbal gags that make you simultaneously chuckle and.
 The acting is goofy, the special effects are &quot;Clash of the Titans&quot;-esque, and Ash seems to get his shotgun out of nowhere after coming out of the pit; but, you love it anyway cause its funny and good for a viewing at anytime of the day or night.
 To show off contemporary versions (circa 1990) of Ray Harryhausen-esque stop-motion techniques:<p>The special effects, while dated in the face of CGI prodigiousness, are enormous and spectacular.
He also has an intentional cameo later on in the movie. His brief performance isn't exactly Hitchcockian or Tarantino-esque, but I think he makes out okay.
 The cinematography is the strongest aspect of this movie.  You'll be transported into a beautiful Eden-esque valley that seems too good to be true.
If you are looking for another Twilight-esque vampire film, look elsewhere.
Other than her appearance, the film is fairly engaging in a dark and understated Woody Allen-esque sort of way.
 A few bits are a little long, falling into the Melies-esque trap of "you all run around and do something until something happens", but these blemishes are few.
The Coen brothers grew up in Minneapolis and present a very Seinfeld-esque Midwestern view in their films, even those that take place in unnamed large cities including the oddball mobster movie "Miller's Crossing" or "Barton Fink", which begins in New York and moves onto Los Angeles.
The evil, zombie-esque monarch has plans to use the pig's abilities to locate the Black Cauldron, a demonic, enchanted cauldron with the power to create an army of undead and unstoppable warriors.
 The songs are cute and Disney-esque, and Alice's adventures inspire all of the many imaginative people out in the world.
Depp's performance was too Michael Jackson-esque for my liking.
For, make no mistake, Tim Burton's adaptation of Roald Dahl's classic novel, is very "Burton-esque.
The real star of this story is not the quasi-humans who populate its color-saturated Dali-esque landscape, but the candy around whom their lives center.
Look also for the "Sgt. Pepper"-esque nut house with the (largely real) team of nut-cracking squirrels, the "2001: Space Odyssey" (with the bombastic Strauss fanfare) WonkaVision studios, and other touches that really make Depp, in particular, such a marvelously spooky-kooky guy.
Therefore if you are not a child, but still enjoy dooby-enhanced mind trip or generally odd, Alice-in-Wonderland-esque stories, then you will find interest in this movie.
 The initial scenes of Charlie's crooked, dilapidated house and the huge city that surrounds it are as Dahl-esque as you can hope for.
 They're almost DALI-esque, in fact.
The rest of the supporting cast are equally great, especially Billy Bob Thornton as the James Carville-esque consultant.
 A military/mercenary (blackwater-esque) presence puts the town in quarantine.
After how good Dawn of the Dead was, I was looking forward to another remake of a George Romero zombie, or zombie-esque film.
The Tucker Torpedo. It's done in a very period-esque style, indulging in many styles of the 1940s, from the big band sounds from that era, to the flaky movie style.
 Like others have said, Oliver Stone was the films flaw.  Had it been Tarantino-esque in it's directing, I think it would have had more appeal, and less of the headache flavor.
Everyone here is pitch-perfect: Hepburn, Holden, Bogie and the incomparable Billy Wilder.  This is a classic Cinderella-esque story of a young, poor girl hopelessly in love with the son of her father's employer.
It's also a good movie to watch and relax to late at night. It's along the lines of a Shyamalon-esque thriller/suspense film and I find that it always delivers when i watch it.
 Written and delivered with a humor and timing that should appeal to Western audiences and filmed in a somewhat Altman-esque fashion, it's a really refreshing departure from the historical costume melodramas that leave you wiped out and wondering if the mainland is capable of productions as contemporary and uplifting as they often are well-crafted and dour.
 I won't elaborate on the numerous plot twists.  Anyone familiar with The Ring is aware of its "novela"-esque dramatic complications (everything from incest to hari-kari is covered here).
A bit of a John Woo-esque honor-among-thieves sort of thing, sure, but the heroes are uncharacteristically more interesting than the villains this time around.
 Large explosions and violence countered with a sneaky Sneakers-esque style subplot overshadowed the plot.
What it actually is, however, is a pretty funny Mr. Bean-esque romp through England.
It is also great to see Deborah Harry reprise her Intimate Stranger-esque phone sex role too.
Still, "It!" is worthwhile for a number of reasons, especially if you like Hammer films since it has a strong Hammer-esque vibe.
 The production values are A-team-esque, Mamets lauded dialoge makes Judge Dredd look like Alexander Hamilton, and you'll be left playing with the contrast on your television as you wonder if there are people acting out scenes somewhere within all those dramatic shadows.
I love how the film has a mix of fantasy with H.P. Lovecraft-esque themes to it and of course some good timed humor mixed in, this is one of the greatest comic book movies in recent memory and a true must see!
 The "Labyrinth"-esque set at the end is particularly good.
Only thing that might have been AKIRA-esque would be some of the BIO weapons in a breif portion of the film.
This German version, almost Sound of Music-esque (without all the singing) rendition of Sissi and her Emperor's love story is wonderful.
This one does get off to a good start and the Rod Sterling-esque premise is interesting.
More on this later...<br /><br />Jolie as Alexander's mother uses as bizarre Russian-esque accent that is terribly out of place with who Olympia actually was.
 Barrymore plays Ivy, a girl from the wrong side of that tracks who has Lolita-esque ways of getting what she wants.
After watching, the ballet struck me as something very familiar: almost Cirque du Soleil-esque.
 Even though you hate the film itself, for being too Disney-esque.
 The perfect heroine.<br /><br />The way this movie was done, with the dark, gritty, noir-esque settings of Batman and the 'lightness' of the dark comedy from Nicholson's Joker, gives the movie a vitality that all the others have lacked to a certain extent.
Batman Returns has a very creative and &quot;Burton-esque&quot;  visual style, yet it's so unrelentingly dark it can't compare to the first,  and the best.
This movie has almost none of the magic of the original. The Stifler-esque racist, the butthole cooks, it was just boring.
A very funny Byrne-esque prophecy.
 Byrne himself, a non-actor, adopts the affectless Warhol-esque pose that often served him well in interviews.
 Panned by most critics, I actually found this film to be extremely witty with a Wes Anderson-esque type of dry martini humor.
The script is very funny and well-written -- dialogues are a bit Kevin Smith-esque, but more genuine and less over-the-top.
<p>A lot of the comic force of the movie comes from this look into our habits, and the Garfield-esque slouch which has resulted from Dex having so many bad ones.
 You bet!  What made the Max Payne video game so good was its noir-ish undertones, graphic novel-esque presentation, and blood-pumping moments of action.
 You bet!  What made the Max Payne video game so good was its noir-ish undertones, graphic novel-esque presentation, and blood-pumping moments of action.
 You bet!  What made the Max Payne video game so good was its noir-ish undertones, graphic novel-esque presentation, and blood-pumping moments of action.
But at least this film has some good shootouts which lets this film just barely avoid sucking. I also liked the noir-esque feeling of the film that tried to feel somewhat like the cinematic masterpiece Sin City.
Rent before you buy.<br />THE GOOD: Most of the action scenes, some nice CGI-effects and a noir-esque feeling, and the music.
As for the film itself - by now, everyone knows that it's a Campbell-esque &quot;hero's journey&quot; dressed up as a gothic horror/suspense yarn.
Alas, Roger became too old and went.<br />Dalton brought another Bond, more fleming-esque.
 In the games, Liu Kang was always one of my least favorite characters, due to his overblown Bruce Lee-esque imitation, but this film removes that, preventing him from being annoying.
 You bet!  What made the Max Payne video game so good was its noir-ish undertones, graphic novel-esque presentation, and blood-pumping moments of action.
 You bet!  What made the Max Payne video game so good was its noir-ish undertones, graphic novel-esque presentation, and blood-pumping moments of action.
 You bet!  What made the Max Payne video game so good was its noir-ish undertones, graphic novel-esque presentation, and blood-pumping moments of action.
But at least this film has some good shootouts which lets this film just barely avoid sucking. I also liked the noir-esque feeling of the film that tried to feel somewhat like the cinematic masterpiece Sin City.
Rent before you buy.<br />THE GOOD: Most of the action scenes, some nice CGI-effects and a noir-esque feeling, and the music.
Tarsem makes good on his horrible first film "The Cell" with this Terry Gilliam-esque masterpiece.
poof! Fairy Godmother-esque move are pretty darn close to nil.
There are several memorable scenes-- the "surprise" birthday party, Salt's wacky nightmare (very Fellini-esque), and the final bedside irony, along with a nicely deceptive opening that sets the stage for what follows.
There are several memorable scenes-- the "surprise" birthday party, Salt's wacky nightmare (very Fellini-esque), and the final bedside irony, along with a nicely deceptive opening that sets the stage for what follows.
A unique Twilight Zone-esque tale with fine performances and creepy moments.
 I don't find it romantic, European, 1930s-esque, racy, well-acted,.
His near silent performance steals every scene in a Chaplin / Keaton-esque way.
As you can imagine, the tension rises as everyone accuses everyone else of being an alien, and a Macarthy-esque hunt ensues.
 Rockwell and Jackson turn in inspired, albeit secondary efforts.  Johannson is minimally used, but serves her Matrix-esque purpose in a skin-tight outfit and awesome fight scene.
 We watch a film that would have done Disney proud as the "Key to the Future" is revealed (complete with Disney-esque music and style) but is actually more than it seems -- and gives Tony a key to his future.
Ironically, music from Danny Elfman also succeeds in giving this film that sort of superhero, Burton Batman-esque feel as well, which is a strange coincidence considering they were all made around the same period, but with vastly different reception.
the bus ride,  the post office, the climactic MAN WHO KNEW TOO MUCH-esque ballet sequence and the fight in the cottage.
 Stereotypes roll out in Zappa-esque, tongue-in-cheek scene after scene.
Die hard alien enthusiast impaled themselves on Giger-esque protrusions the second this movie came out.
In isolation, ideas like Devastator (a massive robot made up of seven lesser ones), the Pretender (a Terminator-esque Decepticon assassin that can pass as human) or Jetfire (an elderly Decepticon who switched sides to join the Autobots, got bored with the war and has spent decades disguised as an exhibit in the Smithsonian) could have made for interesting scenes or story points.
Reintroducing the concept into this film seemed like a good idea and the effects are excellent, if a little Terminator-esque, but Alice's overall inclusion just seems superfluous.
And the swearing? Out of place! The Jar Jar Binks-esque comedy relief just added another layer of disappointment.
The utilization of the Decepticon-esque chants and the serene vocals of Lisbeth Scott, really play up the polarizing moments of the movie.
 There may be a few too many Michael Bay-esque shots.
For somebody that knows nothing about Tintin, this is an Indiana Jones-esque story that is fun and action packed.
the World) and Joe Cornish (Attack the Block). It opens with a Saul Bass-esque sequence which is so full of energy and charm that I knew I was in for something special.
For one in this 2008 reboot there are no split screens, no jello-like Hulk, and no weird Bed-nobs and Broomsticks-esque multi-hued screen flashes (when I say flashes I mean the screen doesn't cheaply changed color while silhouetting the actor with a stunned expression on his face.
I could have done without the bad humor or the Jurassic Park-esque baby Godzilla side story, but I kinda like this Godzilla.
If the 2012-esque sequence doesn't hook you, than the introduction to George and his ghost whispering abilities will.
Does June mean anything to you?." Very John Edwards-esque.
 They go from casual aquaintences to friends, then, thinking this is going to turn into a Fatal Attraction-esque movie, he decides to have a tryst with Aniston in a sleazy hotel room.
And 3.) Bob - a guy who always wears Reservoir Dog-esque suits; Bob seems frequently annoyed by Dignan's antics but puts up with him because he is kind of lonely.
Why is that? First off, the previews made it seem like a Naked Gun-esque spoof, of which I am a big fan of those types of movies.
...ok, well maybe not James Bond, but close enough. <p>In this movie, we get to see a James Bond-esque character played by Pierce Brosnan screw up a tailor in Panama's life.
Don't let the mild mannered Beatles' album-esque cover of this movie fool you.
if you are looking for a Dirty Harry-esque cool fest from eastwood, you will be dissappointed.
 In a Hemingway-esque turn, they all die in one way or another for a stupid wooden bridge.
 He has fantasies about being a rock star and, wouldn't you know it, grows up to be a Hitler-esque dictator.
Kathleen Turner grabs you from the second she is on screen her Jane Mansfield-esque frame is sheathed in a white dress and her husky yet alluring voice and all out jaguar on the prowl apppeal has never been equalled by any actress in this genre since!
 The perfect heroine.<br /><br />The way this movie was done, with the dark, gritty, noir-esque settings of Batman and the 'lightness' of the dark comedy from Nicholson's Joker, gives the movie a vitality that all the others have lacked to a certain extent.
Batman Returns has a very creative and &quot;Burton-esque&quot;  visual style, yet it's so unrelentingly dark it can't compare to the first,  and the best.
 Bruce Willis is wonderful as the Rambo-esque superguy who outwits, outplays, and outlasts the heavily-armed killers, and reveals just enough of his tender side to endear his character to the audience.
 It lacks the both earnest charm of the original comic as well as the Matrix-esque glitz and gusto that makes The Ultimates one of the most readable and cleverly modern comics published today.
 Its about the scenery, the cool acting, the cool action, etc.  Its not that the movie has any David Lynch-esque surreal plots, its just that once you understand what is going on (and the plot twists are a big part of the movie), you'll likely say a very noncomittal, "oh.
 GITS has spawned a Blade Runner-esque <a href="http://www.
 The excellent battle scenes and cool philip dick-esque plot make this purchase a must for those wanting any anime.
Real-life singer Ronee Blakely stands out as a troubled star modeled after Loretta Lynn. In yet another grand Altman-esque gesture, the actors composed their own songs for "Nashville" --and what a soundtrack it is!
This particular movie is not Harry Potter. It is Harry Potter-esque.
Harry is a suitably stroppy teenager, in fact really stroppy, and the whole plot seems to be fairly "woe is me"-esque.
 They never feel like bloated Hollywood-esque action sequences tacked on to relieve your boredom.
Pokemon.<br />We also get to see the short film, Pikachu's Vacation, which is VERY silly and Loony Tunes-esque(Heck, 4Kids redid the music to make it sound JUST like a Bugs Bunny cartoon!
Pokemon.<br />We also get to see the short film, Pikachu's Vacation, which is VERY silly and Loony Tunes-esque(Heck, 4Kids redid the music to make it sound JUST like a Bugs Bunny cartoon!
Romero is perhaps the best horror movie of the year! this is a very "Blair Witch Project" and "Cannibal Holocaust"-esque movie that  takes the viewer on a terrifying and grisly journey through hell from the eyes of filmmakers in their point of view.
His sudden epiphany as bow-wielding hero and Yoda-esque wise man is more than a bit too much to accept.
 The Kill-Bill-esque animated scene is neat but still not needed.
 Why? Predictability.  Design is always the same.  Stick figure-esque, almost surreal imagery is in every flick.
 Assuming you can see though its typically  Burton-esque fog of gloom, you will find some good actors struggling  within.
 Why? Predictability.  Design is always the same.  Stick figure-esque, almost surreal imagery is in every flick.
 Assuming you can see though its typically  Burton-esque fog of gloom, you will find some good actors struggling  within.
if you are looking for a Dirty Harry-esque cool fest from eastwood, you will be dissappointed.
I cried buckets at the end. All in all, I think the filmmakers did a good job. There were some painfully Disney-esque moments, but for the most part, the filmmakers practiced reasonable restraint and avoided the gagging-smarm-factor.
 Wardlaw's hero, an Inspector Clouseau-esque secret agent, recovers from a ten-year coma, to investigate a weird ploy by a former nemesis, Melvin Frutilbatle (Mark Rumer), to take over the world by rendering all other men on Earth impotent - yes, you read that right.
i can say various things about why i love this movie, but most importantly i think is the hitchcock-esque atmoshpere and the dark alien underworld alongside the innocent down to earth relationship between kyle's and laura's characters play a lot on how a person will view the film.
 I watch this video to stay inspired.  The Esalen institute seem like very positive and hippie-esque type people in a way that inspires my passion in bodywork.
This movie is an instant classic!!<br /><br />Instead of aiming for sitcom-esque jokes like most of his films, HTTYD has what all Pixar films have: a wide appeal.
Contrary to what some people are saying, I didn't feel like Hiccup was too witty and had 'a juno-esque feel' to him at all.
Well, except for Liam, of course, who can even recite a poem his dad wrote, something Hemingway-esque, nihilistic and macho.
The guy is a gifted craftsman, and shot for shot this film oozes style on a Ridley Scott-esque level.
The guy is a gifted craftsman, and shot for shot this film oozes style on a Ridley Scott-esque level.
Another great segment that was left out was the "Little Women"-esque sequence where they fall through the ice and start cursing and make a pact with the devil.
Ben Affleck is at his Gigli-esque worst, displaying a grand total of two emotions as the genius-level intellectual willing to wipe the memory of his work after every assignment in exchange for a few extra dollar signs.
A year after the couragous mutant team known as the X-Men, there has been a terrorist mutant attack made by Devil-esque mutant named Nightcrawler (Alan Cumming) in the White House.
That is of course before her final transformation and once the fangs come into play, she resembles a Carly Simon-esque freakshow in need of serious dental work.
 Why would a Tipper Gore-esque character named Mary Spinkle blame a company for something the rapper is responsible for instead of the rapper himself?
This is a story about finding your niche in life. Kind of a fairy tale-esque plot,  wonderfully presented.
(my least favorite part is easily the way that, when the vampires bite, their mouths extend to a ludicrous Steven Tyler-esque proportion.
It was his cunning and wisdom that defeated Dracula, not a rapid fire cross bow and Dresden Files-esque duster.
 In a Hemingway-esque turn, they all die in one way or another for a stupid wooden bridge.
While I appreciate his Lewis Black-esque angry enthusiasm, there's nothing thought-provoking or original in here.
...ok, well maybe not James Bond, but close enough. <p>In this movie, we get to see a James Bond-esque character played by Pierce Brosnan screw up a tailor in Panama's life.
I think both are partially correct; the idea of the Rube Goldberg-esque supernatural death almost certainly came down to Final Destination through the original Omen, but the feel of the deaths here is very twenty-first century.
I like Mr. Quaid. I think that his often-exasperated mannerisms are enjoyable, almost Jack Nicholson-esque at times.
Instead I was disappointed to find an Indianna Jones-esque adventure.
If Walt was willing to die, a more Eastwood-esque ending of going in guns blazing would have made a LOT more sense.
Oh, boy, was this movie offensive.<br /><br />I'm not even talking about the rampant Archie Bunker-esque racist remarks coming from the mouth of angry old Mr.
 Only Clint Eastwood can deliver the lines he does in this movie and make them work.  They're so Clint Eastwood-esque.
 And yet he went with an off-the-wall sci-fi theme that Lucas struggles to make Indy-esque.
Marcello Lippi in both baritone and countertenor modes is delightful as the "Don Giovanni-esque" Giove and only too willing to get into drag to get the girl!
<p>This movie was excellent. A wonderful feel to it; very &quot;Mission: Impossible-esque.
 If you like Love Stories, then buy this movie.  Crouching Tiger has it all. Drama, matrix-esque fight scenes.
 If you are looking for a slapstick Jackie Chan-esque martial arts fun-fest in the vein of Drunken Master, this IS NOT your movie.
In the book, there's a fierce dog that bites people's fingers off if they try to leave. Very Burton-esque.
It's not your typical creepy, trippy Tim Burton movie. It's carnival-esque, colorful, funny, and well-written.
Rather, you long for more of his father's adventures, which are full of unexpected people, Burton-esque places and understated intelligence.
Instead of playing it straight, this is a hysterical interpretation employing many Python-esque bits of comedy.
I already knew how this thing was going to end about 7 minutes in, but I wasn't expecting a hilarious Muppet-esque gargoyle.
Didn't really make much sense to stupid me. <p>Don't go into this expecting a great, Armageddon-esque film.
Just in case anyone misses the point, there's a psuedo-Jan Hammer-esque rock insturmental playing during the scene where Kirk &amp; Co.
 Instead of the majestic and ambitious 2001-esque Star Trek: The Motion Picture, with it's so Roddenberry-esque tale of different life forms communicating, understanding and actually combining, we have big spaceships firing laser weapons at each other and plenty of boring running, jumping and falling down - if TMP had the ambition to take Kubrick as it's model, WOK settled for the considerably inferior Lucas.
Jamal soon learns that the old man is William Forrester, a J.D. Salinger-esque novelist who wrote one widely acclaimed novel (think "Catcher In The Rye") and then disappeared from public view.
 He's perfect as the boozing J.D. Salinger-esque recluse, a man who can dominate a room by just raising one of his disheveled eyebrows.
He spews the Nazi-esque propaganda with nary a flaw or pause, his powerful preaching frightening convincing at times.
Levy, very Emma Stone-esque, is perfect as the wizened yet cynical protagonist.
I didn't even need a story- I'd watch hours of the luscious Dali-esque landscapes, flowing ethereal fabric, and twisted Kevorkian-esque creations that make up this film.
Wrong!<p>Moreover, while the imagery in the film is visually stunning and, oftentimes, quite beautiful, almost Dali-esque in its conception and execution, it cannot carry and sustain the film, when the plot and story line thin out.
Liked the lost father story line, semi-futuristic setting, the Rocky-esque underdog, and even the love story that thankfully wasn't a large part of the movie.
The Charlie Kenton Story* - An ESPN-esque expose set right before Atom's big fight with the champ.
Dakota eventually obtains his own robot, and the two field it against the top robot champion in a Rocky-esque showdown.
Instead, Motown hits of the 60s are redone to be more Gospel-esque.
 The president (a Clinton-esque Bill Bullman) calls upon military services to fight these creatures.
The rest of the supporting cast are equally great, especially Billy Bob Thornton as the James Carville-esque consultant.
Dennis Farina plays a Colombo-esque L.
Brooks" with a graphic novel-esque feel not unlike `A History of Violence', especially with Hurt again hamming it up in a campy cameo type performance that is hard to beat.
The trio winds up in a Bohemian, free-spirited Manhattan, bonding with Joplin-esque singer, Sadie (Dana Fuchs), Hendrix-inspired rocker, JoJo (Martin Luther McCoy), and sensitive lesbian, Prudence (T.
 Some of the harmonies were nice, and I enjoyed the rocking versions by the Janis-Joplin-esque Sadie.
Robert, a shaman,  (played and sung by Bono, who - with an American accent, channels Ringo and is even Dylan-esque in his cultural references) who sings I Am the Walrus.
Oh, and make Hef  a James Bond-esque spy.
The actors are easy on the eyes and believable (particularly the low-key, girl-next-door-esque Lori Heuring).
 I really enjoyed them and am very glad to have them in my collection.  "First Men in the Moon" is almost Disney-esque in it's quality.
<p>Other than that I wish they added some behind the scenes footage or ADDITIONAL footage of the power-ranger-esque video made around the time of the FLOATING EYE release.
 In a major Hollywood movie?  <p>To take a Michael Moore-esque view on one final note, we see common thugs and low-lives with automatic weapons wounding and killing innocents, and never even question how such dangerous weapons got into their hands, but somehow this is justified  when a bunch of guys in black kill them off one by one.
nature and eventually discover the Andromeda Strain's weakness in a very H.G. Wells-esque realization.
Another major source of confusion was Bill and his Romney-esque flip-flopping on his "no human killing" policy.
Robbie Coltrane (Harry Potter And The...) is wonderfully low-key in his Watson-esque role as Depp's assistant.
Forget &quot;Dances with Wolves.&quot;  Kevin Costner outdoes himself as an actor in this superb Capra-esque movie that is filled with magic rarely seen onscreen.
If it was a little more James Bond-esque it might have been better.
Was it a Bond-esque action thriller or something more suave and slow paced?
 While not a Jolie fan, I am a Depp fan, and this movie accentuated his strengths.  Jolie was Audrey Hepburn-esque, and truly exuded class.
Namely the character Augra is being dubbed with Frank Oz's Miss Piggy-esque voice over and of course there is no music or post-production.
 On the way, he encounters Keira, a girl gelfling, her pomeranian-esque pet, Fizgig (a creature with two sets of teeth and a raging temper), the musical potlins (little hippy creatures who have a lust for life and great music), and many other twists and turns.
. . <p>. . . and so it is with `Memento', a pastiche of Jim<br />Thompson-esque crime cliches complicated, but not<br />deepened, by a fairly original cinematic device.
Where season one was an extremely tight, maniacal thriller, and season two was a knotty, complex, esponiage-esque mystery, season three takes a cue from classic noir sensibilities.
(And if you're wondering if the movie is suitable for children, there are no Disney-esque villains to give them nightmares, no shocking death scenes.
However, over time I have seen the movie repeatedly & despite my initial feeling of it being done too hippy-esque I have come appreciate it for the fine film that it truly is.
The first, METZENGERSTEIN, by Roger Vadim, features a nubile, Barbarella-esque Jane Fonda as an imperious, mildly sadistic and hedonistic  young socialite/Contessa named Frederique, presumably in the Middle Ages.
With 8 1/2, he embraced a much more fanciful surrealistic style, later to be dubbed &quot;Fellini-esque&quot;.
I, like so many others, was loathe to see another Anne Rice-esque vampire movie.
Why have a pair of Laurel & Hardy-esque style sheriffs in what is supposedly a film of uncompromising savagery?
 And how very close help was...  Little Craven-esque  quirks tended to pop up (such as a sudden shift from extreme violence to a  scene of almost slapstick humor) that will remind viewers of the Elm Street  and Scream series.
If not for the PG-13 rating, G.I. Joe-esque "laser bullets," and occasional moments of cheese and campiness, I'd probably be so bold as to consider this "quintessential" for action junkies.
 Stratham demonstrates his kick-boxing talents and makes mush out of anyone who crosses him.  But it's the suave, Bond-esque manner in which his character conducts his "business" that makes this a really cool flick.
If not for the PG-13 rating, G.I. Joe-esque "laser bullets," and occasional moments of cheese and campiness, I'd probably be so bold as to consider this "quintessential" for action junkies.
 Stratham demonstrates his kick-boxing talents and makes mush out of anyone who crosses him.  But it's the suave, Bond-esque manner in which his character conducts his "business" that makes this a really cool flick.
If not for the PG-13 rating, G.I. Joe-esque "laser bullets," and occasional moments of cheese and campiness, I'd probably be so bold as to consider this "quintessential" for action junkies.
 Stratham demonstrates his kick-boxing talents and makes mush out of anyone who crosses him.  But it's the suave, Bond-esque manner in which his character conducts his "business" that makes this a really cool flick.
There are lots of amusing Python-esque puns and jokes sprinkled throughout the film, the kind of verbal gags that make you simultaneously chuckle and.
Likewise, Kabaivanska subdues the diva-esque character of Tosca, making her a woman who is real and experiencing real intense feelings in diverse situations - unreasonable jealousy in Act 1, torture, horror and murderous rage in Act 2, love and suicidal despair in Act 3.
Screen Sensation Michael Gambon (Sleepy Hollow, Gosford Park) gives dark and true Gene Hackman-esque (Unforgiven) performance as the cold-hearted Sheriff of the town the cowboys have stumbled upon.
 You're not going to see some amazing James Cameron-esque special effects and lighting here.
(Casablanca-esque)<br /><br />The "good German" in the modern film noir is the continually hunted Emil Brandt, whereas the good German of the older, East German film is the  haunted Hans Merten.
Kathleen Turner does a great job  portraying Beverly Sutphin, a June Cleaver-esque, devoted happy homemaker  who doesn't even allow gum in her house, but has a short fuse and keeps a  secret scrapbook (I wonder if it was from Waters personal collection) of  clippings about serial killers.
 The Kafka-esque storyline is meant to be so outrageous as to be funny and if taken in that spirit many of the scenes are very entertaining indeed.
For a dead guy, Hazel's ex sure can scrap. Not that we can see much in the sloppily-directed Toho-esque elbows-and-angles style bout.
But it was more than a London-esque test of manhood or rite of passage (though it was certainly that), it was the searching of a poetic soul for meaning, of a highly sensitive and intelligent kid determined to strip away the layers that came between him and the truth, to remove all the masks and see what was behind them.
But it was more than a London-esque test of manhood or rite of passage (though it was certainly that), it was the searching of a poetic soul for meaning, of a highly sensitive and intelligent kid determined to strip away the layers that came between him and the truth, to remove all the masks and see what was behind them.
It also seems a little pretentious at times, particularly towards the end when Jackman experiences a Buddha-esque transcendence.
 Each section is 10 minutes long.<br /><br />So - I would not use this for aerobics unless you like Jane Fonda-esque aerobics.
 Typical Peckinpah.  Powerful, nonetheless.  And Jerry Fielding wrote a brilliant, Stravinsky-esque musical score.
 They were under some tremdous pressure to do the film I understand.  When it comes to crude, John Waters-esque humor, I usually find it more amusing than I do funny.
Warhol was trying to do.<br /><br />I even get the whole "Let's-make-fun-of-all-the-has-been-Hollywood-Lana-Turner-esque-bimbos" out there.
Very Hitchcock-esque and hopefully my comment is no insult to John Alton.
I didn't even mind the &quot;Fantasia&quot; ending, Dr. Reinhardt and Maximillian togther in a &quot;Dante-esque&quot; hell.
 We witness the ending of playwright Barton Fink's (John Turturro in a somewhat Eraserhead-esque coif) latest creation, an allegedly social-realist drama about working-class Jews on the lower east side of Manhattan.
 Aside from capturing the grittiness of Prohibition-era life, as opposed to the overly clean _Chicago_-esque images, this is an intellectual and emotional gangster film.
its..."mature" aspects. No there's no sex but there's some small amounts of violence(don't worry, nothing Sleepy Hollow-esque here).
The sound track in The Flambards is an unrelenting Twilight-Zone-esque singing saw.
This movie is the best movie ever made.  This movie is filled with memeorable quotes, including Father Ridley's sermon-esque opinions about VD.
This movie is the best movie ever made.  This movie is filled with memeorable quotes, including Father Ridley's sermon-esque opinions about VD.
 In an obvious reference to/spoof of Peter Seller's work on the entire Pink Panther franchise from the intro Mancini-esque opening sequence music ala "The Return of the Pink Panther" to the bumbling detective/spy protagonist this film has actually remained a whole lot funnier than that film that upon recent viewing has truly aged very, very poorly.
Even the slapstick style humor was weak; almost Benny Hill-esque.
 This is not the shoddy Ted Turner-esque colorization of the 1980s, and the advance of technology in the interim decades certainly shows in a positive way.
It's hard to say what was best about Max Headroom -- it's dead-bang accurate, Postman-esque assessment of the media industry -- its prophetic extrapolation of 21st century realities -- or its hilarious dry-ball humor.
It's not as gritty of a film. It doesn't have the "noir" look that they had. Instead, it has a more David Fincher-esque style to it.
 Very Charlie Kaufman-esque.
 Andy is even the straight man at times, though there are the usual Gervais-esque slip ups.
 I had low expectations, thinking it was going to be a typical gross-out, Adam Sandler-esque comedy, with fart jokes and lots of T&A.
The second thing that's not so hot is a police station scene where Robert Cummings tries (and fails) to be a Capra-esque "ordinary man" hero bucking authority by appealing to the Founding Fathers' principles.
Chips, A Night at the Opera, And the Pride of the Yankees.  The film is very Capra-esque however with great performances from the entire cast.
In this case, Hove portrays the character Radu, a "Nosferatu-esque"  type vampire in the Masquerade sense of the word.
Old fashioned Euro horror absolutely dripping with wonderful Hammer-esque atmosphere.
 The outrageous gore and humor are very Jackson-esque in Body Melt.
a violent, convoluted, Tarantino-esque trip through the mean streets of Mumbai--stellar soundtrack and all.
Any fool can guess what the outcome of this CINDERELLA-esque story will be.
The Bottom Line:<br /><br />The special effects are nifty and I guess the Chinatown-esque plot is kinda fun, but the gimmick ran stale for me after the first half hour and I wanted a bit more to fall back on than Hoskins' growling and Christopher Lloyd's scenery chewing; I can see why everyone else loves it, but I was not especially enthused.
There's a Taratino-esque quality to it that he even approve of this movie as being one of his favorite movies ever and now it has became a cult classic that even thrilled critics.
 Similar to films like "Little Miss Sunshine" and "Observe in Report," "Youth in Revolt" is an indie-esque movie with amazing performances praising its great source material.
<p>Pacino gives a tour de force performance, delivering his lines with typical Pacino-esque vigor.
 Probably the most appropriate scene using bad language was between Vivi and Teensie during a "chicken-esque" car scene.
 Probably the most appropriate scene using bad language was between Vivi and Teensie during a "chicken-esque" car scene.
Another is the attempt to have a Crash/Magnolia-esque intersecting storylines as part of the set-up to make things interesting and it made me care about the characters before their inevitable deaths.
this isn't an alien film so don't expect to be rewarded by classic alien-esque suspense.
 Although not a highly original or edgy film, it does goes well beyond the barriers of a typical Disney-esque movie.
 This is not the shoddy Ted Turner-esque colorization of the 1980s, and the advance of technology in the interim decades certainly shows in a positive way.
I especially enjoy his voice, which despite relying a bit heavily on a stereotypical Chappelle-esque crack tone, still utilizes the colourful mumbles and lazy eloquence that have served Def well as an MC.
16 Blocks is a relatively predictable 48 Hours-esque picture, but it kept me glued for the full length of the film.
45 minutes of slightly cardio-esque work while you work your core, so while you eat properly and do cardio (buhbye abdominal fat!
very friday the 13th-esque.
It's also a bit more movie-esque in the more bigger action scenes, making it a bit more dynamic.
If you are expecting Deepa Mehta-esque type story telling.
As I said, the film does a good job in conveying the "Eichmann-esque" element of the Abu Ghraib scandal.
 She's delightful!<br />The film is obviously a throwback to the James Bond movies from its John Barry-esque score, including Shirley "Goldfinger" Bassey's signature vocals to the inclusion of techno-gadgets and former Bond Roger Moore' chief.
Nightmares, hello! He appears in an almost Adam & Eve-esque scenario.
Her craft is impeccable. It's too bad that the film falls short dramatically at times, often resorting to Disney-esque sentiment while it abandons the harsher realities of life in favor of a family friendly PG-13 rating.
 Film  and TV legend Henry Winkler added a lot of gusto to the film in the  supporting role of Alfred's Emeril-esque dad as well.
 Film  and TV legend Henry Winkler added a lot of gusto to the film in the  supporting role of Alfred's Emeril-esque dad as well.
 <p>Leonardo Dicaprio plays Romeo as a misunderstood James Dean-esque rebel with a mysterious aura about him.
DiCaprio's very Shakespeare-in-the-Park-esque Romeo was rather disappointing.
Die hard alien enthusiast impaled themselves on Giger-esque protrusions the second this movie came out.
However, his Peter  Jackson-esque sense of humor does not fit in though.
 It is utterly and completely lacking of the fairy tale-esque brightness he usually brings to his films.
There are some clever Tarantino-esque time shifting editting techniques that add to the sense of a jigsaw puzzle of plot elements ultimately coming together to a cohesive ending, of sorts, that is satisfying and frustrating at the same time.
 I will agree with the others of the Hitchcock-esque, it's one of those movies where you should pay attention so as not to miss the most minute detail.
Somethings about this movie lack a lot and some might say its a Pulp Fiction-esque type movie and it is in its only little world.
 At least we have this sordid little flick as a kind of document of that long lost Mappelthorpe-esque era.
The concept of the film itself is genius and has an H.P. Lovecraft-esque feel to it, the performances are just outstanding and the special effects still hold up in this digital age.
Those of you who don't get the whole Python-esque humor won't appreciate this either.
John Ratzenberger pops up as a strikingly Bumble-esque Yeti, and Frank Oz and Bonnie Hunt round out the team.
This film tells a powerful story, a "Crime and Punishment"-esque recovery of the soul, except without the ending that Dostoevsky had in his novel.
The whole setup (an irritating Downward Spiral-esque plastic sleeve over a box around two boxes with the videos inside) made me feel like a spastic infant.
They outwit the zombie-esque populous at every turn in subtle and not so subtle ways.
If you are expecting Deepa Mehta-esque type story telling.
Paul W. S. Anderson (writer and director) chose the slow, horror-esque build up of the original 'Alien' over the action adventure feeling of 'Aliens'.
However, over time I have seen the movie repeatedly & despite my initial feeling of it being done too hippy-esque I have come appreciate it for the fine film that it truly is.
Tim Curry gives a strong performance as the Satan-esque character.
Couldn't even stand to watch the thing.  The awful Disney-esque music had me ranting like a mad-woman!
 In a Hemingway-esque turn, they all die in one way or another for a stupid wooden bridge.
 That little plot twist, as well as the neighbor child's CARRIE-esque psychokinetic abilities should make it clear that we are entering the realm of the absurd here.
 That little plot twist, as well as the neighbor child's CARRIE-esque psychokinetic abilities should make it clear that we are entering the realm of the absurd here.
In terms of scope, his skills extend from postapocalyptic sci-fi to ecologic fantasy to an offbeat Lewis-Carroll-esque mind trip.
This movie has it all...car chases, a virgin sacrifice, a shootout, a foul-mouthed landlady, Dabney Coleman as a Hef-esque magazine mogul, a bunch of great one-liners, and a super cheesy 80s rock/rap theme song.
I think both are partially correct; the idea of the Rube Goldberg-esque supernatural death almost certainly came down to Final Destination through the original Omen, but the feel of the deaths here is very twenty-first century.
Somethings about this movie lack a lot and some might say its a Pulp Fiction-esque type movie and it is in its only little world.
He spews the Nazi-esque propaganda with nary a flaw or pause, his powerful preaching frightening convincing at times.
Not as memorable as that movie, "Deranaged" is still a very documentary-esque look at the mind of a serial killer long before there was "Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer", it's a nail-biting suspense shocker that will hit you in the stomach.
I was not disappointed with this purchase. Yes, it's absurd in a philosophical sense and I think Monty-Python-esque is a somewhat appropriate description.
 If you like Love Stories, then buy this movie.  Crouching Tiger has it all. Drama, matrix-esque fight scenes.
 If you are looking for a slapstick Jackie Chan-esque martial arts fun-fest in the vein of Drunken Master, this IS NOT your movie.
Yes, it was a little High Fidelity-esque as it recounted relationships-gone-by, but it was new life in an old mold.
An aggressive fridge with a mind of its own sounds Monty Python-esque when you first hear about it, but trust me, you won't be laughing by the end of the movie.
This movie contains a bit of everything: Coen-esque directing, which is always a pro, a witty screenplay, funny storyline, very well casted, etc.
White -- are given greater re-invention than Supes -- who curiously has some jagged Clint Eastwood-esque cheekbones that look horribly out of place on his skin of steel.
It's a fun <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0013J55B6">Hancock</a>-esque take on primetime soap operas like <a href="http://www.
 The acting is mostly laughable.  Richard Burton is downright Shatner-esque in his portrayal of a drunk ex-minister.
A group of hippies attending a modern day Woodstock-esque music festival find themselves being picked off one by one by a killer wearing a Ronald Reagan mask.
the Scotland of Trainspotting is a rather depressing land of dingy, Detroit-esque post-industrial decay, and even the natural beauty of the local highlands isn't enough to overcome the cynicism that's overtaken Renton and most of his friends.
the Scotland of Trainspotting is a rather depressing land of dingy, Detroit-esque post-industrial decay, and even the natural beauty of the local highlands isn't enough to overcome the cynicism that's overtaken Renton and most of his friends.
James Mason at his Nemo-esque best with Jack Cardiff thrown in for good measure.
 The cinematography is the strongest aspect of this movie.  You'll be transported into a beautiful Eden-esque valley that seems too good to be true.
Her craft is impeccable. It's too bad that the film falls short dramatically at times, often resorting to Disney-esque sentiment while it abandons the harsher realities of life in favor of a family friendly PG-13 rating.
 <p>Leonardo Dicaprio plays Romeo as a misunderstood James Dean-esque rebel with a mysterious aura about him.
DiCaprio's very Shakespeare-in-the-Park-esque Romeo was rather disappointing.
The standout of King's Four Past Midnight was the Twilight Zone-esque, The Langoliers, a very good entry into the time-twister category in an otherwise uneven collection of four King novellas.
 The M. Night Shyamalan-esque twist reveals that Marie and the killer are one and the same.
Also, catch Melissa Joan Hart the Dee Dees, a tempting pair of Harley Quinn-esque teen villains.
This was unintentionally hilarious.<br /><br />Although Harlin's version of the film was Tarantino-esque in its style, it is the superior of the two.
It's entertaining, yes, but lacks the once-cherished cleanness, organization, and togetherness of Petipa-esque ballets.
The film has been categorized as Tarantino-esque.
The film has been categorized as Tarantino-esque.
The film has been categorized as Tarantino-esque.
The film has been categorized as Tarantino-esque.
The rest was just... too predictable. Killer leaves a clue, police arrive just in time to find a gory murder with Poe-esque flavor from one of his stories.
male witch).<p>The film is very Cthulhu-esque in its mood.
 While it is emotional to watch the love story unfold, the eye-candy battle sequences, and the picture-esque view of Scotland, there seemed to be a lacking "meat" to this story.
if u like the scream-esque type of horror, beautiful cast, elaborate deaths, creepy moments and brutal killings this movie is for u would like to see this.
The original was more of a Hitchcock Psycho-esque thriller that inspired "Halloween" and many slasher movies for years to come, this one is more of a "Friday The 13th"-esque gorefeast of grueling scenes like cannibalism, eyeball mutilation that would make Fulci smile and more.
 GITS has spawned a Blade Runner-esque <a href="http://www.
 The excellent battle scenes and cool philip dick-esque plot make this purchase a must for those wanting any anime.
The actors are easy on the eyes and believable (particularly the low-key, girl-next-door-esque Lori Heuring).
 It was even better the second viewing, where one can sink into performances such as Jeremy Renner's Cagney-esque bravado, and the subtle nuances of Affleck's self-direction as Doug McCray.
They hold battle of the sexes crossword puzzle contests!)  The football game had a Kennedy-esque quality to it, and the family aerobics scene felt especially contrived.
 I think what I really enjoyed about it is that it uses the classical Swan Lake music, rather than Disney-esque songs.
 This after his picture-esque Norman Rockwell-type family is uprooted by the kidnapping of his nine-year-old daughter.
The actors are easy on the eyes and believable (particularly the low-key, girl-next-door-esque Lori Heuring).
 The comedy business is almost always pure Keaton-esque, and although he's quite older, he still takes great falls.
this movie combines the beautifulness and revolutionarity of the matrix-esque special effects and the jaw-droppingly great kung fu of the ninja to bring you a masterpiece.
 TRAINING DAY is a film with no special effects, no colorful cinematography, and no Picasso-esque art direction - just a movie that slaps you upside the hide from start to finish, with two powerhouse performances that stay with you long after the closing credits.
 Kelsey Grammar is also very slick as the smarmy Hard Copy-esque tabloid news personality.
 His fascination with the Garbo-esque youth is understandable, but the scenario takes us on endless journey that ultimately goes only .
But for those wanting to experience something a little different- a Hollywood-esque attempt at a history lesson with some tango, pop, and theatre thrown in, EVITA may be the movie for you.
With a lot of Wong Kar-wai-esque angle shots and grainy cinematography, it is also one of the most visually stunning films I've seen in a long time.
Don't get me wrong though, there is plenty of gore and violence to go around, I'm talking Tarintino-esque violence too!
The characters, scenes and even the acting are all very graphic novel/comicbook-esque.
The lack of sharp edges on characters' hair makes them look more like they're all sporting some sort of dreadlock-esque style.
They were clearly going for a mix of the series with a Ghibli-esque, very rounded, look.
 This is a simple Willy Wonka-esque story, 90 minutes of enchanting entertainment without hype or preachiness.
 TRAINING DAY is a film with no special effects, no colorful cinematography, and no Picasso-esque art direction - just a movie that slaps you upside the hide from start to finish, with two powerhouse performances that stay with you long after the closing credits.
 Elisha Cuthbert is ethereal, with a Marilyn Monroe-esque appeal.
 What's the point?  Every time civilization is engulfed in some sort of cannibalistic, zombie-esque plague many questions get begged and then I fail to enjoy the movie.
Where Smith usually shines, in his predictable hero-esque roles, he fails here--as a scientist who experiment goes wrong.
 I'm glad the directors took a different approach to the Twilight Zone-esque themes of vampires that the original book took.
In the film, "reality" is shown via shaky handheld digital Dogma-esque camerawork, but the "fantasy" sequences use a color palette that makes them appear even more real than the "real" scenes.
 Look at the title and cover.  It is NOT meant to be a PBS-esque formal documentary of comparative religion.
 In the games, Liu Kang was always one of my least favorite characters, due to his overblown Bruce Lee-esque imitation, but this film removes that, preventing him from being annoying.
Ben Affleck is at his Gigli-esque worst, displaying a grand total of two emotions as the genius-level intellectual willing to wipe the memory of his work after every assignment in exchange for a few extra dollar signs.
Two newly weds get tarrorized by a dead girl in Tokeyo for 90 minuets, add a strangly odd zombie-esque love scene and being french kissed by a slug(?
An aggressive fridge with a mind of its own sounds Monty Python-esque when you first hear about it, but trust me, you won't be laughing by the end of the movie.
Just in case anyone misses the point, there's a psuedo-Jan Hammer-esque rock insturmental playing during the scene where Kirk &amp; Co.
One other cast member of note would be James Woods ("Hercules") who plays a Don King-esque promoter (complete with wild, stand-up straight hair) for the competition.
Young Yakuza is that unique blend of reality show and Godfather-esque drama.
When an important executive of the NASA-esque company where Hawke works is murdered, he becomes the prime suspect when an eyelash of his is identifed during the police investigation.
Granted, Gattaca certainly tries to be all things to all people - it sells itself variously as a Philip K. Dick-esque sci-fi, as a Tense Political Thriller, an Edgy Romance, even as a Rumination on Filial Love and Obligation - but in my book it fails badly on every count.
I've read the comic multiple times and while I can appreciate Jeph Loeb trying his hand at some Grant Morrison-esque plot twists involving a time-traveling Superman, the film takes out all that convoluted goofiness and is much more accessible to the casual fan.
The movie turns into a whodunnit of sorts, but without resorting to "Scream"-esque cliches.
There's Casey (Elijah Wood), the Steven King-esque nerd, Delilah (Jordana Brewster) the cheerleader/newspaper editor, Stan (Shawn Hatosy) the jock who wants to focus on his grades, Stokely (Clea DuVall) the goth, possibly a lesbian and the fountain of all knowledge on science fiction, Mary Beth (Laura Harris) the new girl from Atlanta, and Zeke (Josh Hartnett) the bad-boy who's the school's local drug dealer.
Most of these scenes show Johnny's brother Danny (Michael Rosenbaum) and his friends engaging in silly, Diner-esque witty (and not so witty) repartee.
The movie turns into a whodunnit of sorts, but without resorting to "Scream"-esque cliches.
There's Casey (Elijah Wood), the Steven King-esque nerd, Delilah (Jordana Brewster) the cheerleader/newspaper editor, Stan (Shawn Hatosy) the jock who wants to focus on his grades, Stokely (Clea DuVall) the goth, possibly a lesbian and the fountain of all knowledge on science fiction, Mary Beth (Laura Harris) the new girl from Atlanta, and Zeke (Josh Hartnett) the bad-boy who's the school's local drug dealer.
This is a gorgeous fantasy epic with a hefty dose of Monty Python-esque comedy thrown in for good measure.
 The cast is pretty close to all star including Robin Williams, Uma Thurman as a Botticelli-esque Venus, John Neville and even Terry Gilliam himself.
 I will also state that there were some "Matrix-esque" signature CG moments that were done very well.
 Pino Donaggio's Herrmann-esque music underscores the film's dramatic tension, while many Hitchcockian elements and references surface.
 This film suffered from being a derivative, watered  down, pseudo-Tarantino-esque knock off.
David Lynch's take on Dune is nothing short of pretty darn good. It definitely gets weird (a.k.a. David Lynch-esque) in places, but overall the feel and tone of the movie are wonderful.
Very interesting and exciting take on &quot;Tarantino-esque&quot; flicks.
 Please, if a punishment for serving out pizza the incorrect way at a Marilyn Manson-esque pizza joint is to make the employee where bloody diapers that bleed out the crotch.
Splendidly combining live-animal action with Jim Henson-esque animatronics, Noonan's irresistible "Babe" is a story about flouting convention and realizing one's potential.
There is also some Rosemary's Baby-esque plotting, and the film surprisingly ends with a downbeat, twist ending.
 "L.627" demonstrates powerful acting, documentary-esque camera work, and a chilling theme, but the honesty lies within Tavernier's storytelling.
As other reviewers have mentioned here this film has a definite Burton-esque quality to it, which is no bad thing, and shows how good a job the actual director, Brad Silberling, did.
A beautiful, Tim Burton-esque adaptation of the popular children's book series.
I've never read the books, but I found this movie to be quite entertaining in a dreary, Tim Burton-esque way.
 Except for a few Carey-esque smirks and squeals that really didn't reach the level of annoyance that I usually feel watching a Jim Carey movie, he does an outstanding job.
 Adult themes, complex characters, a realistic 'blade-runner'-esque environment, and some excellent cross genre music.
Diddy himself manages to do more than stare blankly with mouth agape.  The Raymond Carver-esque story intertwines a series of tragedies stemming from an execution, all of which could become camp if it weren't for the capable approach of director Marc Forster.
Depp's performance was too Michael Jackson-esque for my liking.
For, make no mistake, Tim Burton's adaptation of Roald Dahl's classic novel, is very "Burton-esque.
The real star of this story is not the quasi-humans who populate its color-saturated Dali-esque landscape, but the candy around whom their lives center.
Look also for the "Sgt. Pepper"-esque nut house with the (largely real) team of nut-cracking squirrels, the "2001: Space Odyssey" (with the bombastic Strauss fanfare) WonkaVision studios, and other touches that really make Depp, in particular, such a marvelously spooky-kooky guy.
Therefore if you are not a child, but still enjoy dooby-enhanced mind trip or generally odd, Alice-in-Wonderland-esque stories, then you will find interest in this movie.
 The initial scenes of Charlie's crooked, dilapidated house and the huge city that surrounds it are as Dahl-esque as you can hope for.
 They're almost DALI-esque, in fact.
In Farscape, you'll see: Bladerunner-esque cities, bars full of aliens like the Mos Eisley Cantina, a cemetery planet, even a mining colony inside a space creature's carcass.
 The Kill-Bill-esque animated scene is neat but still not needed.
One of the finest ways that this is captured is the poetic and ballet-esque motion of the battle sequences.
There were hints of Braveheart-esque traits but sadly this film, while excellent in its own right, falls short.
 While it is emotional to watch the love story unfold, the eye-candy battle sequences, and the picture-esque view of Scotland, there seemed to be a lacking "meat" to this story.
i can say various things about why i love this movie, but most importantly i think is the hitchcock-esque atmoshpere and the dark alien underworld alongside the innocent down to earth relationship between kyle's and laura's characters play a lot on how a person will view the film.
 He is absolutely not Caretaker.  He was not the smart, Jiminy Cricket-esque character that Crewe needed to see what was important to him in the long run.
 They look Fulci-esque.
Goth-esque Rock Band Murdered.
 This after his picture-esque Norman Rockwell-type family is uprooted by the kidnapping of his nine-year-old daughter.
I especially enjoy his voice, which despite relying a bit heavily on a stereotypical Chappelle-esque crack tone, still utilizes the colourful mumbles and lazy eloquence that have served Def well as an MC.
16 Blocks is a relatively predictable 48 Hours-esque picture, but it kept me glued for the full length of the film.
And it doesn`t end there. Then the movie becomes very Tarintino-esque, and from there, a bit of western style violence (ie: Desperado).
McQuarrie is clearly a movie junkie.  This is evident by his Peckinpah-esque story arc and settings and his pair of anti-heroes; the John Woo-esque excessive gunplay, the subsequent and frequent showers of bullets, and the limitless supply of people to kill, and guns to kill them with; and the Quentin Tarantino-esque self-conscious subversion of the genre.
Gone are the chatty hitmen and pop culture references that make movies truly &quot;Tarantino-esque,&quot; and make rip-offs of &quot;Dogs&quot; like &quot;Truth And Consequences, N.
 The perfect heroine.<br /><br />The way this movie was done, with the dark, gritty, noir-esque settings of Batman and the 'lightness' of the dark comedy from Nicholson's Joker, gives the movie a vitality that all the others have lacked to a certain extent.
Batman Returns has a very creative and &quot;Burton-esque&quot;  visual style, yet it's so unrelentingly dark it can't compare to the first,  and the best.
 The comical line "Lois Lane?" that he sputters while brushing his teeth (it had a certain Scooby-esque quality) and the even more comical physical acting he does a little later where he keeps prompting Lois to say a certain name so he can unleash the hounds at her.
Very Tarantino-esque, but Duffy leaves Tarantino for dead.
I was more or less expecting a Tarantino-esque crime movie with some wierdass characters and lots of cursing, which is more or less what I got.
I would've preferred either a longer film with a more fleshed out progression of events, or a more Tarantino/Scorcese-esque approach giving the actors more time to indulge us with their characters peculiarities.
To start, Boondock Saints is blatently inspired by the Tarentino-esque style that has seemed to become popular among the indie crowd lately.
Boondock Saints is an odd movie, know that going in.  It has some Tarantino-esque violence and surreal humor.
In a Skywalker-esque plot twist at the end, the three team up to execute a mobster as he pleads innocent in the courtroom.
 And I'll take a good Tarantino-esque vibe anyday.
 The "Dutch" guy appears out of nowhere, and he's made out to be some sort of super-killer, Hannible Lector-esque character but the only thing really said about him was something like "they only use him when things get really bad.
CD).  It includes all four videos from Abba-esque and twleve videos from the albums Erasure has done since Pop!
Pepper and Green play their Reservoir-Dogs-esque roles capably, though as the film progresses the roles themselves get more ludicrous.
This scene is so painfully Cinderella-esque that I was waiting for Marisa to leave a glass slipper.
Forget &quot;Dances with Wolves.&quot;  Kevin Costner outdoes himself as an actor in this superb Capra-esque movie that is filled with magic rarely seen onscreen.
Hmmm! This one caught me by surprise. It's an un-Spike Lee-esque joint.
 It's that Gilliam-esque mastery of the absurd; treat it as if it happens  every day.
 The 7  1/2 floor is almost &quot;Gilliam-esque&quot;- in fact, when I first saw  the preview I assumed it was Terry Gilliam's (Brazil, 12 Monkeys) newest  film.
<p>I guess 'Harold and Maude' plays on '60s-esque themes of turning maverick, challenging societal moulds, denouncing materialism.
Apart from being another &quot;Scream&quot;-esque potboiler, one gory death scene (which is the only gory scene) seems to borrow from Italian horror masters like Lucio Fulci and Dario Argento.
Personally, that's my favourite part of the film; an almost storybook-esque sequence and still so breathtakingly fluid and full of life, living Po's dream of his possible life as a warrior.
A little Animal House, some Van Wilder, a dash of American Pie, and a pinch of Gilmore Girls-esque drama, Greek is the kind of premise that could have easily gone cheesy and overdone.
or "The Terminator" .. or maybe 007? His character became a caricature of ludicrous proportions, a Rambo-esque powerkiller who is able to annihilate the world using his mad skills and a knife.
Nightmares, hello! He appears in an almost Adam & Eve-esque scenario.
It's very touching, almost!); "Small Openings" (Saffy writes a "Mommie Dearest"-esque play that Edina and Pats initially object to, but then later become friends with the people that play them!
(Of course, for me, the most Fellini-esque was the shoot in Harbin--still one of my favorites of all time--and the ending scene of those two people--neither one Bourdain--dancing on the ice.
The people waiting at the train station only to watch stunned as it races by empty and on fire is also a good Spielberg-esque moment.
 New Orleans of course, but also WWI & WWII, France, New York, the Florida Keys, Russia, Pitt's post-college-esque journey around the world; any person who likes culture and travel would enjoy it.
 Both are told in flashback format (this film just adds the Titanic-esque "old lady" twist instead of having the protagonist narrate his own story), as well as delve into themes too numerous to sort out after just one viewing.
Some people complained there was not enough ACTION or Fast and Furious-esque Drama.
There is very little quick cutting between camera setups and absolutely zero sitcom-esque axial cut dialog scenes.
Drive is a unique film which I'm not surprised alienates some viewers, specifically due to it's slow Hitchcock-esque build up and lack of traditional movie dialogue.
Another unsung hero of this film is Cliff Martinez, who does the Tangerine Dream-esque score for the film as another nod to those classic 80's thrillers.
Unlike many action films that I've recently seen, it has undeniable style. It has a Tarantino-esque feel, and a look that separates it from a lot of other similar films.
The music sounds a bit "80's-esque" as well, which was when the setting of Donnie Darko took place.
Refn understands Sam Peckinpah more than Rod Lurie does.<br /><br />Stylistically, this may be the most "eighties-esque" film of the year.
OK, interesting enough. But all of a sudden, he turns into this unstoppable Jason Bourne-esque Terminator who can take out any hardened mob soldier with a flick of the wrist--SUP-ER-MAAAAN!
I'm not saying he is supernatural or anything like that, but he definitely has some hero-esque qualities about him.
If you like Tim Burtons work, you will appreciate the skewed perspectives, the painted sets, and the Edward Scissorhads-esque "Somnambulist".
With bold, "Pee-Wee's Playhouse"-like doors, Burton-esque buildings, and a dream-like town, director Robert Wiene (along with his set designer and cinematographer) was well beyond the 1900s.
Liked the the mood, the eeriness and the effects. It was a little Shining-esque but then Steven King did write it.
Wimmer draws not only on his own Equilibrium, but also on vampire movies and basically any generic sci-fi-esque thriller, and combines them all together with Milla Jovovich, who does a decent job at selling her character and looks pretty darned good too.
 What follows is a DaVinci Code-esque whirlwind of clues and revelations as the trio go from spot to spot finding the next clues.
About a half-dozen escapees from a Siberian prison set off on a Cacciatto-esque hike to someplace, anyplace that will have them (China?
 Don't listen to all the Lohan haters, and enjoy this one for what it is -- an enjoyably trashy, giallo-esque camp classic.
Truth be told, it  wasn't all that great, but it was nice to see Lindsay Lohan in something besides a Disney-esque type of movie, or some type of teen comedy.
This is not a thoughtful, Dark Knight-esque movie, but a summer action film.
Writer/director Matthew Ryan Hoge, though, makes him this cypher who tells his maudlin, Dawson's Creeki-esque story to a little journal while he's incarcerated.
Writer/director Matthew Ryan Hoge, though, makes him this cypher who tells his maudlin, Dawson's Creeki-esque story to a little journal while he's incarcerated.
The animation on this movie was very Beast Wars-esque.
 That is another problem, but the Ron Howard-esque schmaltzy saccharine sympathies lathered onto the main characters is just unflattering and really makes the audience (or at least me) cringe with discomfort.
As noted by many, there is a Frank Capra-esque quality about the proceedings.
Captivating storyline and performances, as always, by Day - and Lemmon brought his wit in full. Definitely Capra-esque, if you love Capra you'll love this flick.
President when he becomes a contestant on "American Dreamz", and "American Idol"-esque talent show.
Bush in a deadpan manner. An absolutley stunning performance. As a Cheney-esque Cheif of Staff, William Dafoe is cruel and funny.
<p>Despite all these flaws, I really enjoyed this movie. The story is fascinating and moving, and The Sixth Sense-esque approach to depict Nash's schizophrenia from his point of view worked very well.
 but there it is.  Probably didn't help that the host wasn't funny.  The hollywood-esque squirrelly jewish-type guy is so heavily over done since the penus in the pie movies.
 While the script isn't full-tilt perfect, and yes, it is Canadian so the cinematagrophy is very TV-esque (haven't you ever watched any other Canadian films?
I love the music in the film, it's repetitive, addictive, and Fame-esque.
 Leslie Nielsen plays the President in typical Airplane-esque fashion.
Kathleen Turner grabs you from the second she is on screen her Jane Mansfield-esque frame is sheathed in a white dress and her husky yet alluring voice and all out jaguar on the prowl apppeal has never been equalled by any actress in this genre since!
Wayne's Bligh-like Dunson and Clift's Fletcher Christian-esque Garth are terrific characters in large part because the leisurely pace of the film gives them time to grow and change, gives us the audience a real feel that weeks have passed and that Dunson's growing madness - and Garth's growing sense of authority - aren't just sudden movie plot devices, but real changes in personality brought into place through real conditions.
Sound levels are inconsistant throughout- a ballet lesson by the Nazi-esque Miss Tanner is very loud, but the famous double murder at the beginning of the film is subdued to the point of losing much of it's impact!
 It's also got some great, Leone-esque staging and camera work, as it drags the scene out as long as dramatically possible, alternating between extreme long-shots and extreme close-ups.
 I thought the characters were great as well as the storyline.  As other reviewers have mentioned, I also liked the 70's-esque film style.
Diddy himself manages to do more than stare blankly with mouth agape.  The Raymond Carver-esque story intertwines a series of tragedies stemming from an execution, all of which could become camp if it weren't for the capable approach of director Marc Forster.
 What's the point?  Every time civilization is engulfed in some sort of cannibalistic, zombie-esque plague many questions get begged and then I fail to enjoy the movie.
Where Smith usually shines, in his predictable hero-esque roles, he fails here--as a scientist who experiment goes wrong.
 I'm glad the directors took a different approach to the Twilight Zone-esque themes of vampires that the original book took.
 If you like Love Stories, then buy this movie.  Crouching Tiger has it all. Drama, matrix-esque fight scenes.
 If you are looking for a slapstick Jackie Chan-esque martial arts fun-fest in the vein of Drunken Master, this IS NOT your movie.
 If you like Love Stories, then buy this movie.  Crouching Tiger has it all. Drama, matrix-esque fight scenes.
 If you are looking for a slapstick Jackie Chan-esque martial arts fun-fest in the vein of Drunken Master, this IS NOT your movie.
HOWEVER there is one thing that KILLED this movie, and it was the music. Strange Charlie Brown-esque songs would be playing during inappropriate dialogues.
 The conflict is room temperature at best.<p> I think they were hoping for a Firm-esque thing here, one got that feeling from the previews.
A particularly pleasing set is Caleb's bachelor pad-esque room, furnished to the nines beyond what any kid could afford.
This movie contains a bit of everything: Coen-esque directing, which is always a pro, a witty screenplay, funny storyline, very well casted, etc.
I had quite looked forward to and expected to enjoy the "Babel"-esque indie "Mammoth.
Sometimes this film looks very Disney-esque or something out of a 60's "Wild Kingdom" episode and the narrative style complete with accompanying music will look and sound very hokey to many.
 The weird hip-hop-esque music is the only thing I didn't love about the tape and even that changes to regular exercise music after the first mile.
Jimbob" in these pages) that this is a modern Kurosawa-esque film.
Playing the Keanu-esque foil to McConaughey's Swayze, Christian Bale returns every hardened stare, lets no machismo go unanswered, no muscle flex go un-flexed back at, and he'll be damned if he puts a shirt on either.
In a 1984-esque white-washed future underground dystopia where sexuality is banned, all humans sport shaved heads and the same shapeless outfits as they go about their work in a mandated state of sedation, listening to exhortations to &quot;Buy and Be Happy.
These movies are dripping with sexism, machismo and bond-esque energy, while being driven by the lovable Dean-o and a solid line up of supporting character actors, including the delicious Stella Stevens.
 The great disguises that were created for Val Kilmer's character and his techno gagetry add to the films "bond-esque" feel, while the romance with Elizabeth Shue's character is both engaging and central to the story, rather than an "eye candy" afterthought.
 Dialogue, as always for Scorsese, is great with some of Nicholson's lines being Tarantino-esque.
 This movie tries too hard to be like other movies.  From the beginning long shot with Nicholson voice-over to the Joker-esque facial musings, Matt Damon sounding like he just stepped off the Good Will Hunting set, it was just kind of sad.
The standout is little Abigail Breslin as young Olive, who has a Dakota Fanning-esque acting talent which really makes the film.
 The whole pageant atmosphere was Fellini-esque and completely cringe-inducing.
 Everyone gives absolutely wonderful performances.  Greg Kinnear is especially pitch perfect as the "Tony Robbins-esque" motivational speaking Dad trying to land a big deal.
 Nair could have pulled a Gandhi-esque moment for us by countering the horrible acting with beautiful images of India.
With its exquisite black-and-white shots of Monument Valley, assured acting, and Custer-esque storyline, "Apache" is an enduring Western winner.
 The cinematography is the strongest aspect of this movie.  You'll be transported into a beautiful Eden-esque valley that seems too good to be true.
"Cry_Wolf" is a film that calls back to the slasher films of the late 90's. In other words, it's a "Scream"-esque who-dunnit with a low body count (I think the lowest ever for a horror movie) and virtually no gore.
 The acting is goofy, the special effects are &quot;Clash of the Titans&quot;-esque, and Ash seems to get his shotgun out of nowhere after coming out of the pit; but, you love it anyway cause its funny and good for a viewing at anytime of the day or night.
 To show off contemporary versions (circa 1990) of Ray Harryhausen-esque stop-motion techniques:<p>The special effects, while dated in the face of CGI prodigiousness, are enormous and spectacular.
 Nair could have pulled a Gandhi-esque moment for us by countering the horrible acting with beautiful images of India.
 You come to enjoy characters quickly, and unfortunately in many cases watch them fall.  The battles are very Gladiator-esque (for obvious reasons) but they take nothing away, merely enhancing the choas of all out war.
 For a historically based film, the least they could have added was a short PBS-esque documentary on actual code talkers.
 James Horner's mostly overplayed score -- except for the "Saving private Ryan"-esque overture and the occasional haunting "flutes" -- doesn't help.
 The song is cool but the middle eastern-esque keyboard breaks get annoying when we all know that Jimmy Page could be soloing.
 It is less operatic (1 male and female singer are seen once in awhile, but rarely) but is more mystical, "Godfather"-esque, classical music, classical guitar, heavenly choir, and an organ help to make up the score.
Not to mention the fantastic, Rod Serling-esque realism in the quality of its writing, the direction, the scope, and the dazzling work of the previously unknown cast - now all certified household names - stars, if you will (none will ever have to worry about getting future work).
Other than that the program suffers from strangely judgmental moments, and others cloyingly obvious and Spielberg-esque.
They lost the meaning and it proved to be a typical Twilight Zone-esque horror movie without much intellectual content.
 This after his picture-esque Norman Rockwell-type family is uprooted by the kidnapping of his nine-year-old daughter.
Though there is a love interest for Molly as well, a Morrissey-esque rock singer (Jesse Spencer) she meets at her birthday party, I wouldn't call this a romantic comedy either, as this fellow isn't the main focus of the film, and their relationship isn't exactly conventional.
While one might expect a Shatner-esque, over-the-top performance from Carrey, to which we've become accustomed in his comedic work, we are instead given a performance that is both subtle and remarkably powerful.
What do our memories look like if shown as a movie? Dali-esque, if Gondry is to be believed, complete with melting faces.
Though there is a love interest for Molly as well, a Morrissey-esque rock singer (Jesse Spencer) she meets at her birthday party, I wouldn't call this a romantic comedy either, as this fellow isn't the main focus of the film, and their relationship isn't exactly conventional.
It's very touching, almost!); "Small Openings" (Saffy writes a "Mommie Dearest"-esque play that Edina and Pats initially object to, but then later become friends with the people that play them!
 I really enjoyed them and am very glad to have them in my collection.  "First Men in the Moon" is almost Disney-esque in it's quality.
However, anyone who says that their 'Coyote Ugly'-esque costumes are the evidence that Bond 'isn't about making classical music cool, it's about sex' don't know too many 24-year-old women.
this movie combines the beautifulness and revolutionarity of the matrix-esque special effects and the jaw-droppingly great kung fu of the ninja to bring you a masterpiece.
 The perfect heroine.<br /><br />The way this movie was done, with the dark, gritty, noir-esque settings of Batman and the 'lightness' of the dark comedy from Nicholson's Joker, gives the movie a vitality that all the others have lacked to a certain extent.
Batman Returns has a very creative and &quot;Burton-esque&quot;  visual style, yet it's so unrelentingly dark it can't compare to the first,  and the best.
Robbie Coltrane (Harry Potter And The...) is wonderfully low-key in his Watson-esque role as Depp's assistant.
However, his Peter  Jackson-esque sense of humor does not fit in though.
 It is utterly and completely lacking of the fairy tale-esque brightness he usually brings to his films.
 The songs are cute and Disney-esque, and Alice's adventures inspire all of the many imaginative people out in the world.
As usual, there's a lot going on that makes no real sense within the story (McConaughey's Rube Goldberg-esque prosthetic leg, the insane CIA agent played by a chilling John Gale, etc.
<p>The film's plot centers around a Star Chamber-esque group and their new hit-man recruit, Remo Williams (Ward), who they set on the trail of a corrupt government contractor (Charles "Section Chief Blevins on the X-Files" Cioffi).
In the Italian horror films I've seen I'm typically treated to either a Goblin soundtrack, or a Goblin-esque soundtrack.
Lovecraft-esque  Italian supernatural horror thriller from Lucio Fulci is one of his greatest and coolest movies ever.
 The Kafka-esque storyline is meant to be so outrageous as to be funny and if taken in that spirit many of the scenes are very entertaining indeed.
Gilda gets wilder to test the limits of this bodyguard and pushes him to the brink. She performs a Latin-esque song/dance number "Amado Mio" that spells out her feelings.
I think I laughed about that for several days. The Lenny Bruce-esque trial of Mellish is the best sent up of a courtroom ever.
Sure, he has his share of American Pie-esque moments (an affair with his coach's wife rings a bell), but it's the bulk of the emotion of the film that falls on him.
This movie is a mix of 'fake' sci-fi, as Tim Allen and his cast are actually just actors in a Star Trek-esque show, but there are real aliens in here who view that show as historical documents and thus seek out the Galaxy Quest cast for aid.
 Tim Allen really breaks out of his stand-up/sitcom persona and plays a Shatner-esque role.
She really embraces her inner bimbo and has fun. Tim Allen as a Shatner-esque is a win!
One of the finest ways that this is captured is the poetic and ballet-esque motion of the battle sequences.
There were hints of Braveheart-esque traits but sadly this film, while excellent in its own right, falls short.
 One suggests that if you "don't understand this movie, then go back to your Homer Simpson-esque "doh" Well, I'm sure that person is the one woman or man sounding board for all movies which are "great.
 Don't listen to all the Lohan haters, and enjoy this one for what it is -- an enjoyably trashy, giallo-esque camp classic.
Truth be told, it  wasn't all that great, but it was nice to see Lindsay Lohan in something besides a Disney-esque type of movie, or some type of teen comedy.
 The movie was a little top heavy with typical Shatner-esque self-indulgence(he directed of course).
There are moments, such as the darkening of the room and in REAR WINDOW-esque fashion, Olsen uses an older-fashioned Polariod Instant Camera to illuminate her surroundings.
But unfortunately evil spirits begin to take over the food as they turn whoever eats it into vicious killer Chicken-esque zombies or killer fanged Chicken demons as it turns into a blood night of hell.
a stately mansion/castle w/ intensely loyal servants and a cavalcade of one-of-a-kind gizmos and James-Bond-esque weapons and gadgets, not to mention a garage full of Jaguars, Porsches and BMW's.
a stately mansion/castle w/ intensely loyal servants and a cavalcade of one-of-a-kind gizmos and James-Bond-esque weapons and gadgets, not to mention a garage full of Jaguars, Porsches and BMW's.
Robbie Coltrane (Harry Potter And The...) is wonderfully low-key in his Watson-esque role as Depp's assistant.
Depp's performance was too Michael Jackson-esque for my liking.
For, make no mistake, Tim Burton's adaptation of Roald Dahl's classic novel, is very "Burton-esque.
The real star of this story is not the quasi-humans who populate its color-saturated Dali-esque landscape, but the candy around whom their lives center.
Look also for the "Sgt. Pepper"-esque nut house with the (largely real) team of nut-cracking squirrels, the "2001: Space Odyssey" (with the bombastic Strauss fanfare) WonkaVision studios, and other touches that really make Depp, in particular, such a marvelously spooky-kooky guy.
Therefore if you are not a child, but still enjoy dooby-enhanced mind trip or generally odd, Alice-in-Wonderland-esque stories, then you will find interest in this movie.
 The initial scenes of Charlie's crooked, dilapidated house and the huge city that surrounds it are as Dahl-esque as you can hope for.
 They're almost DALI-esque, in fact.
WOW!!! The good old days of Ed Wood-esque special effects are back with a vengeance!
I also felt the animation of the plume of gas coming from Mars in that scene had an almost Melles-esque feel like something out of "Le Voyage dans la Lune" - a sort of cartoony, fantasy feel.
 While it is emotional to watch the love story unfold, the eye-candy battle sequences, and the picture-esque view of Scotland, there seemed to be a lacking "meat" to this story.
 The president (a Clinton-esque Bill Bullman) calls upon military services to fight these creatures.
 (You can immediately see the difference the moment Charles Previn's George Gerschwin-esque music kicks in).
Some people complained there was not enough ACTION or Fast and Furious-esque Drama.
There is very little quick cutting between camera setups and absolutely zero sitcom-esque axial cut dialog scenes.
Drive is a unique film which I'm not surprised alienates some viewers, specifically due to it's slow Hitchcock-esque build up and lack of traditional movie dialogue.
Another unsung hero of this film is Cliff Martinez, who does the Tangerine Dream-esque score for the film as another nod to those classic 80's thrillers.
Unlike many action films that I've recently seen, it has undeniable style. It has a Tarantino-esque feel, and a look that separates it from a lot of other similar films.
The music sounds a bit "80's-esque" as well, which was when the setting of Donnie Darko took place.
Refn understands Sam Peckinpah more than Rod Lurie does.<br /><br />Stylistically, this may be the most "eighties-esque" film of the year.
OK, interesting enough. But all of a sudden, he turns into this unstoppable Jason Bourne-esque Terminator who can take out any hardened mob soldier with a flick of the wrist--SUP-ER-MAAAAN!
I'm not saying he is supernatural or anything like that, but he definitely has some hero-esque qualities about him.
 Panned by most critics, I actually found this film to be extremely witty with a Wes Anderson-esque type of dry martini humor.
The self-righteous monologues get even more intolerable when Frank is joined in his quest by the young Roxy, a Juno-esque character who gets an entire scene where she rails against the movie JUNO and explains in great detail her love of Alice Cooper.
The self-righteous monologues get even more intolerable when Frank is joined in his quest by the young Roxy, a Juno-esque character who gets an entire scene where she rails against the movie JUNO and explains in great detail her love of Alice Cooper.
 <p>Danny Devito plays what may well have been his last truly funny role, made all the more hilarious because his Brando-esque character takes himself almost as seriously as DeVito takes himself these days.
The score composed by John Powell was all right; It suited the action-esque atmosphere in the movie but you'll be hard pressed to even bother paying attention to it.
And finally, Anna Paquin concludes her pointless attempt at conceptualizing Rogue. Instead of the Southern, wonder girl-esque charm, there is the typical $5.
The score composed by John Powell was all right; It suited the action-esque atmosphere in the movie but you'll be hard pressed to even bother paying attention to it.
And finally, Anna Paquin concludes her pointless attempt at conceptualizing Rogue. Instead of the Southern, wonder girl-esque charm, there is the typical $5.
"Invisible Monster" is a chilling, "Twilight Zone"-esque tale involving a physicist's "harnessed-energy" equipment gone haywire.
The movie turns into a whodunnit of sorts, but without resorting to "Scream"-esque cliches.
There's Casey (Elijah Wood), the Steven King-esque nerd, Delilah (Jordana Brewster) the cheerleader/newspaper editor, Stan (Shawn Hatosy) the jock who wants to focus on his grades, Stokely (Clea DuVall) the goth, possibly a lesbian and the fountain of all knowledge on science fiction, Mary Beth (Laura Harris) the new girl from Atlanta, and Zeke (Josh Hartnett) the bad-boy who's the school's local drug dealer.
hotties), especially the Tim Burton-esque &quot;Hush&quot; and the impressive &quot;Who are you&quot; in which I was truly impressed by SMG's acting abilities.
There are lots of amusing Python-esque puns and jokes sprinkled throughout the film, the kind of verbal gags that make you simultaneously chuckle and.
Okay, perhaps it was not at the level of `Michael Moore'-esque conspiracy theories, but after witnessing such disasters as The Whole Ten Yards, Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights, and Exorcist: The Beginning you have to wonder why studios would intentionally ruin viable stand-alone films.
Okay, perhaps it was not at the level of `Michael Moore'-esque conspiracy theories, but after witnessing such disasters as The Whole Ten Yards, Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights, and Exorcist: The Beginning you have to wonder why studios would intentionally ruin viable stand-alone films.
Infighting within the band, a mysterious Yoko Ono-esque character, and the band's inability to make it from the dressing room to the stage without getting lost don't help the cause, either.
"T2" immediately does away with the Del James-esque poetics of the first film and goes for pure commercialism.
 I went into 'Charlie's Angels' wanting only to see a little Bond-esque action and, of course, Lucy Liu.
Every time the film employs cheesy '70s-esque montage sequences, every time the camera goes wicked slow when the girls toss their hair, and every time an action scene comes up (which takes things from films like The Matrix, Mission: Impossible, and True Lies), it's all a parody.
Actually, this is pretty much the whole movie. David Cronenberg's Matrix-esque film was one of the many cyberpunk films of 1999, among &quot;The Matrix,&quot; &quot;The Thirteenth Floor,&quot; and &quot;Menno's Mind.
 It's that Gilliam-esque mastery of the absurd; treat it as if it happens  every day.
 The 7  1/2 floor is almost &quot;Gilliam-esque&quot;- in fact, when I first saw  the preview I assumed it was Terry Gilliam's (Brazil, 12 Monkeys) newest  film.
Ben Affleck is at his Gigli-esque worst, displaying a grand total of two emotions as the genius-level intellectual willing to wipe the memory of his work after every assignment in exchange for a few extra dollar signs.
I cried buckets at the end. All in all, I think the filmmakers did a good job. There were some painfully Disney-esque moments, but for the most part, the filmmakers practiced reasonable restraint and avoided the gagging-smarm-factor.
The girl warrior is quite easy on the eyes but the Frankenstein-esque warrior is just so funny it's sad.
 It's that Gilliam-esque mastery of the absurd; treat it as if it happens  every day.
 The 7  1/2 floor is almost &quot;Gilliam-esque&quot;- in fact, when I first saw  the preview I assumed it was Terry Gilliam's (Brazil, 12 Monkeys) newest  film.
The clever way it was filmed, which was quite  Blair Witch Project-esque (but in a classy way), brings you into the  action.
It works  well - location footage in Scotland and lots and lots of smoke give the  production an 'Exclaibur'-esque look of grim and gritty reality, and this  is what sticks in the mind after the film is over.
So, not only are the characters attempting broad, Tennessee Williams-esque accents, they have to use these same accents when speaking Yiddish words.
(The best moments in this film are Fred Willard and Jane Lynch as E! Entertainment-esque hosts, and this may have to do with the fact that they are directing themselves towards the camera that they know is present).
This movie has it all...car chases, a virgin sacrifice, a shootout, a foul-mouthed landlady, Dabney Coleman as a Hef-esque magazine mogul, a bunch of great one-liners, and a super cheesy 80s rock/rap theme song.
However, his Peter  Jackson-esque sense of humor does not fit in though.
 It is utterly and completely lacking of the fairy tale-esque brightness he usually brings to his films.
A very good fun romp, with sharp twists, almost Roald Dahl-esque justice and humour.
 If one of them sees you, and you're either on to something alien-esque or just plain annoying the bureaucrats--they give you a hand written invitation to a mysterious office in City Hall.
Why is that? First off, the previews made it seem like a Naked Gun-esque spoof, of which I am a big fan of those types of movies.
 It's a lot of fun, and done in the same vein as Leslie Neilsen's  Zucker-esque films, although not as successfully clever as those.
 It also has a definite <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000GW8UAE">Simon & Simon - Season One</a>-esque feel to it, being as it is the story of two unlikely and completely opposite partners and the more-than-it-seems adventure they find themselves falling into.
or super-hero-esque.
Tim Curry gives a strong performance as the Satan-esque character.
Couldn't even stand to watch the thing.  The awful Disney-esque music had me ranting like a mad-woman!
This is not a thoughtful, Dark Knight-esque movie, but a summer action film.
Romero-esque and entertaining!
Considering the Columbine type content, I'm surprised it hasn't been banned. It's an 80's shocker, kind of Fight Club-esque.
After Veronica begins to despise her supposed friends, she meets up with Jason Dean, played by the young "Jack Nicholson-esque" Christian Slater, whom helps to escalate this hatred for the Heathers (and some others.
 Even if you don't like boxing, even if you're hoping for a ROCKY-esque film, you won't be disappointed in MILLION DOLLAR BABY.
With its exquisite black-and-white shots of Monument Valley, assured acting, and Custer-esque storyline, "Apache" is an enduring Western winner.
 Therein lies the crux of this elaborate, Python-esque joke.
 King Herod becomes a godfather-esque figure surrounded by his family and crime syndicate members as they are all participating in the requisite full moon banquet party.
Beautiful, "Parent Trap-esque" Movie!
I like Stephen Dorff; he reminds me of a young, Lost Boys-esque Kiefer Sutherland.
An aggressive fridge with a mind of its own sounds Monty Python-esque when you first hear about it, but trust me, you won't be laughing by the end of the movie.
the New Testament.<p>While this has the classic Python-esque wry humor and satire, there's something a little more timid here.
and proceeds to chase the surfers on to the island." More disinterest. "Where they encounter some Rambo-esque militarists and jungle booby traps a la Indiana Jones.
 I'm not going to whine about how the end just didn't tie it all in together. I'm not going to complain about the MTV-esque version of &quot;Wise Up&quot; in the middle of the film.
 Because I knew of the multiple storylines, i expected something tarantino-esque with something that tied together neatly.
 The Kafka-esque storyline is meant to be so outrageous as to be funny and if taken in that spirit many of the scenes are very entertaining indeed.
Oh, and make Hef  a James Bond-esque spy.
 You come to enjoy characters quickly, and unfortunately in many cases watch them fall.  The battles are very Gladiator-esque (for obvious reasons) but they take nothing away, merely enhancing the choas of all out war.
 It rises above the source material in so many ways, and injects alot of Kafka-esque black humor.
Don't read this unless you've seen the movie .... The movie was going along well, entertaining until the "Harlem Nights-esque" ending.
Don't read this unless you've seen the movie .... The movie was going along well, entertaining until the "Harlem Nights-esque" ending.
There's a certain Fargo-esque quality, given the snowy Minnesota setting.
It's kind of like a Raymond Chandler-esque comic book story interpreted 80s style--no academy award nominations here, but a really fun, outlandish, adventure fairy tale.
its..."mature" aspects. No there's no sex but there's some small amounts of violence(don't worry, nothing Sleepy Hollow-esque here).
Most of the 'Stand By Me'-esque story is done fairly well, considering.
John the Baptist was portrayed not just rugged, but with crazy-looking eyes and came off a bit Charlie Manson-esque).
John Constanstine". It's a mix of H.P. Lovecraft-esque horror, fantasy and action combined with some dazzling special effects and an intriguing story, the main character is quite a complex and tragic hero that shows us the way to hell and heaven in this movie.
John Constanstine". It's a mix of H.P. Lovecraft-esque horror, fantasy and action combined with some dazzling special effects and an intriguing story, the main character is quite a complex and tragic hero that shows us the way to hell and heaven in this movie.
He's straight gangsta, yo.<br /><br />While the Rear Window-esque voyeur element is rather inspired, nothing else in the film really is.
 There was also a little bit of Pulp Fiction-esque cinematography, especially in the beggining, which was done nicely.
a movie for adults (don't go into this expecting a simple, Barney-esque plot) that gives its viewers a childish glee.
It has a 'Fellini-esque' quality to it.
A year after the couragous mutant team known as the X-Men, there has been a terrorist mutant attack made by Devil-esque mutant named Nightcrawler (Alan Cumming) in the White House.
(my least favorite part is easily the way that, when the vampires bite, their mouths extend to a ludicrous Steven Tyler-esque proportion.
It was his cunning and wisdom that defeated Dracula, not a rapid fire cross bow and Dresden Files-esque duster.
This latest from international action star Jason Statham would appear to be just another Statham-esque movie.
showing him scruffy with facial hair most of the film, overweight with a paunch belly, and jovial homo-esque eroticisms with the Woody Harrelson (Stan Lloyd) character.
 What wil happen?  Will life imitate art and will this relationship end in Tennessee Williams-esque frustration and tragedy?
The series is based on a number of well-crafted books which create a well thought out Tolkien-esque world.
 And let us touch upon the never-ending TOOL video, shall we?  Shocky, Silent Hill-esque pastiches of freaky footage are effective, like, once in awhile.
She does get one last Silence-of-the-Lambs-esque scene, as the movie ties up the final loose end, but it could have used more of these types of scenes.
It's a very Alfred Hitchcock-esque movie that offers excellent performances and a very horrific torture scene that is guaranteed not for the faint of heart, anyone who enjoys thrillers and shockers i recommend this movie.
The documentary-esque realism is very much alive in this film and I have to say that Liman is an excellent director.
written and produced by mel gibson. lots of cool action, violence, humor done in a tarantino-esque style.
I could have done without the bad humor or the Jurassic Park-esque baby Godzilla side story, but I kinda like this Godzilla.
When an important executive of the NASA-esque company where Hawke works is murdered, he becomes the prime suspect when an eyelash of his is identifed during the police investigation.
Granted, Gattaca certainly tries to be all things to all people - it sells itself variously as a Philip K. Dick-esque sci-fi, as a Tense Political Thriller, an Edgy Romance, even as a Rumination on Filial Love and Obligation - but in my book it fails badly on every count.
 While I might accept this type of unresolved discontinuity in a Raimi-esque splatter-fest, I expect more out of a movie that presents itself as a 'serious' horror.
The music is very intricately orchestrated and sung and the look is very Burton-esque in it's stylized appearance.
(I was amazed to find out that Horvath's goth-esque apprentice was the same actor who played the youngest of the three brothers in Prince of Persia -- Toby Kebbell.
 Bruce Willis is wonderful as the Rambo-esque superguy who outwits, outplays, and outlasts the heavily-armed killers, and reveals just enough of his tender side to endear his character to the audience.
 <p>So, how to describe this strange, convoluted film?  There is a certain Tarantino-esque quality to the story line, which is revealed through bizaar actions and dialogue.
There's one sequence where a &quot;Godfather&quot;-esque character is upset about a family member's death, tosses up his arms, and the camera literally stays with the group for a minute afterwards as the actors kick dirt around and fidget, apparently anxious for the director to yell &quot;Cut!
 The same can be said for the cardboard-esque representation that we witnessed from Maud Adams.
Although the overall plot was amazing, I could not help but be sidetracked by some of the ridiculously soap-opera-esque sub-plots.
This movie is a mix of 'fake' sci-fi, as Tim Allen and his cast are actually just actors in a Star Trek-esque show, but there are real aliens in here who view that show as historical documents and thus seek out the Galaxy Quest cast for aid.
 Tim Allen really breaks out of his stand-up/sitcom persona and plays a Shatner-esque role.
She really embraces her inner bimbo and has fun. Tim Allen as a Shatner-esque is a win!
This creates a rather Fellini-esque atmosphere and causes some friction among the ladies as well as a couple of their deaths.
 She is an actress whose young son begins uttering Freddy-esque threats as the city is rocked by earthquakes.
This was unintentionally hilarious.<br /><br />Although Harlin's version of the film was Tarantino-esque in its style, it is the superior of the two.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
(my least favorite part is easily the way that, when the vampires bite, their mouths extend to a ludicrous Steven Tyler-esque proportion.
It was his cunning and wisdom that defeated Dracula, not a rapid fire cross bow and Dresden Files-esque duster.
Just in case anyone misses the point, there's a psuedo-Jan Hammer-esque rock insturmental playing during the scene where Kirk &amp; Co.
The Isaac Asimov-esque robot, the massive flood, the large-scale destruction of the undercity, the masses of vehicles travelling outside, the huge interactive set-pieces - every visual element of this movie is absolutely stunning.
In the far future in a large New York-esque city, it seems workers are struggling with people called "Thinkers" who are like the bosses that makes plans and being a big corporation.
The trio winds up in a Bohemian, free-spirited Manhattan, bonding with Joplin-esque singer, Sadie (Dana Fuchs), Hendrix-inspired rocker, JoJo (Martin Luther McCoy), and sensitive lesbian, Prudence (T.
 Some of the harmonies were nice, and I enjoyed the rocking versions by the Janis-Joplin-esque Sadie.
Robert, a shaman,  (played and sung by Bono, who - with an American accent, channels Ringo and is even Dylan-esque in his cultural references) who sings I Am the Walrus.
 THis movie is very very funny,  fomr it's Blair Witch-esque opening (i know that this came out first) to is  Spedoinkle cast .
So, not only are the characters attempting broad, Tennessee Williams-esque accents, they have to use these same accents when speaking Yiddish words.
(The best moments in this film are Fred Willard and Jane Lynch as E! Entertainment-esque hosts, and this may have to do with the fact that they are directing themselves towards the camera that they know is present).
 In fact, the final fight scene in this movie is probably my favorite of any Chan-esque movie.
 Dialogue, as always for Scorsese, is great with some of Nicholson's lines being Tarantino-esque.
 This movie tries too hard to be like other movies.  From the beginning long shot with Nicholson voice-over to the Joker-esque facial musings, Matt Damon sounding like he just stepped off the Good Will Hunting set, it was just kind of sad.
His near silent performance steals every scene in a Chaplin / Keaton-esque way.
Javier Bardem steals the show here as a zombie-esque bad guy who kills people with a cattle gun as he stalks Josh Brolin who has Bardem's $2 million from a drug deal gone bad.
 Disgusting, sappy, Forrest Gump-esque portrayal of a pretty little enlightened plantation darling giving black women the courage to tell their stories.
 Disgusting, sappy, Forrest Gump-esque portrayal of a pretty little enlightened plantation darling giving black women the courage to tell their stories.
By the end of the day...so much 80's-esque zany comedic situation has occurred you won't believe it.
Despite Hector Elizondo's caricature performance as a Columbo-esque detective and the fact that the film celebrates being shallow as much as it condemns such behavior, it scores some hits, not the least of which is the breezy opening song by Blondie.
The script is very funny and well-written -- dialogues are a bit Kevin Smith-esque, but more genuine and less over-the-top.
<p>A lot of the comic force of the movie comes from this look into our habits, and the Garfield-esque slouch which has resulted from Dex having so many bad ones.
 Burton's first big budget feature effort had been Pee Wee's Big Adventure (1985), a zany Caligari-esque journey in craoyla colors.
 Burton's first big budget feature effort had been Pee Wee's Big Adventure (1985), a zany Caligari-esque journey in craoyla colors.
Also, the writers/director try a bit too hard to be Indiana Jones-esque.
I've got to hand it to Roger Corman for this one; Wasp Woman is a pretty darn good movie (albeit with vintage Corman-esque not so special effects).
 He soon abondons his Kafka-esque existence and stops going to work, dumps his nagging b**tch of a girlfriend, and gets the courage to ask out a disgruntled waitress (Aniston).
Agent 86 used a variety of Bond-esque devices, notably his shoe, which contained a phone and other doo-dads to help him get through each episode.
Through all of this, Beowulf can't even wear the oft-lauded boar helmet from the poem, but opts for a Chuck Norris-esque headband instead.
Through all of this, Beowulf can't even wear the oft-lauded boar helmet from the poem, but opts for a Chuck Norris-esque headband instead.
 Through all of this, Beowulf can't even wear the oft-lauded boar helmet from the poem, but opts for a Chuck Norris-esque headband instead.
 My only real issue was with the Shakira-esque night club number.
His 90's, Bill Gates-esque character is also brilliantly portrayed, persuing his beloved while silently rubbing his success in the faces of everyone at the reunion.
The film DAVE could be called "Capra-esque" to a point with its optimism and feel good ending.
Kevin Kline's performance brings to mind a Jimmy Stewart-type performance (hence the reference to Capra-esque and "Mr Smith.
almost Kirby-esque.
The acting is as scenery chewing as the dialogue is Ed Wood-esque.
Rifftrax [...] announced that on 2/19/2007 they will release the "Mystery science theater 3000-esque" commentary track for this "classic".
This leads him to bust up a scheme by an Illuminati-esque group of businessmen to control a major natural resource.
 I would have loved to have seen a Matthew Fox-esque emotive rant that LOST fans have come to appreciate, but it just never happened.
The villain is appropriately slimy and lizard-esque.
Maurice Jarre's score, which weaves Hindu music with Cole Porter-esque rhythm, never overpowers the dialogue or sound effects.
THE NUMBER 23 is Jim Carrey's first venture out of the realm of wacky, Kramer-esque physical comedy and into serious acting.
As expected, some of Carrey's situations are a bit over the top, and Schumacher tries to create a graphic novel-esque presentation during Sparrow's alter-ego episodes.
 I disagree with the reviewer who said that the new Pinhead at least delivers his lines in a Bradley-esque way-- Doug Bradley was never so wooden as Pinhead.
The conclusion seems almost sit-com-esque in a sudden reconciliation of several relationships, which seems a disservice to the characters.
If you like Tim Burtons work, you will appreciate the skewed perspectives, the painted sets, and the Edward Scissorhads-esque "Somnambulist".
With bold, "Pee-Wee's Playhouse"-like doors, Burton-esque buildings, and a dream-like town, director Robert Wiene (along with his set designer and cinematographer) was well beyond the 1900s.
This movie gives us a very David Lyncian-esque look at Suburban life in the late 50's with a nice score by Jonathan Elias and Angelo Balantomi (Blue Velvet and City of Lost Children) and very well acted.
Eddy (Josh Charles), a transfer student, finds himself assigned to room with a likeable yet Neanderthal-esque, Stuart (Stephen Baldwin), whose primary focus in life includes cutting corners, drinking, and conquering hapless women.
 What's the point?  Every time civilization is engulfed in some sort of cannibalistic, zombie-esque plague many questions get begged and then I fail to enjoy the movie.
Where Smith usually shines, in his predictable hero-esque roles, he fails here--as a scientist who experiment goes wrong.
 I'm glad the directors took a different approach to the Twilight Zone-esque themes of vampires that the original book took.
 Speaking of which, the A.T.F shows up, and a Wacco-esque standoff ensues.
The soft-focused, noir-esque, 1930s-style retrofuture of "Sky Captain" is a visual feast to behold, unabashedly revelling in obvious influences as Lang's "Metropolis" and B-movies of the 1930s.
No one knows who is behind this until they call Sky Captain (Jude Law) who has his own incredible James Bond-esque plane that can swim under water as well as fly.
"Everyday" (also Gabriella and Troy) is in the same vein, a Britney-esque bouncer with a finale that seems literally straight out of a black church.
"Everyday" (also Gabriella and Troy) is in the same vein, a Britney-esque bouncer with a finale that seems literally straight out of a black church.
 Why would a Tipper Gore-esque character named Mary Spinkle blame a company for something the rapper is responsible for instead of the rapper himself?
Either way, you'll either be severely depressed or immensely amused by what transpires, from the Lifetime-esque opening credits to the painfully bad showdown in the end.
Forget &quot;Dances with Wolves.&quot;  Kevin Costner outdoes himself as an actor in this superb Capra-esque movie that is filled with magic rarely seen onscreen.
Ironically, music from Danny Elfman also succeeds in giving this film that sort of superhero, Burton Batman-esque feel as well, which is a strange coincidence considering they were all made around the same period, but with vastly different reception.
 The movie was a little top heavy with typical Shatner-esque self-indulgence(he directed of course).
While one might expect a Shatner-esque, over-the-top performance from Carrey, to which we've become accustomed in his comedic work, we are instead given a performance that is both subtle and remarkably powerful.
What do our memories look like if shown as a movie? Dali-esque, if Gondry is to be believed, complete with melting faces.
This is not a thoughtful, Dark Knight-esque movie, but a summer action film.
if you are looking for a Dirty Harry-esque cool fest from eastwood, you will be dissappointed.
As the opening Addams Family-esque credits by Pablo Ferro rolled over blatant love scenes between planes and phallic missiles and meadow lark love scene music trickled to my ears, I knew I was in for a treat.
 The cinematography and editing is first-rate, a real feast for the eyes, and I enjoyed the Ella-esque mid-century Jazz score.
But there's a decent amount of Adam Sandler-esque slapstick comedy bits to be entertaining.
 The apes inhabit a Flintstone-esque city and are divided into three different castes, the Orangutangs, who are the politicans and keepers of the faith, and seemingly the caste in absolute control, the Gorillas, whoa re the workers and the soldiers, and who seem to occupy the lowest position, and the Chimpanzees, who are the scientists and intellectuals.
 Hearing the name Joss Whedon attached to the film, I had visions of Buffy-esque plot twists gone sci-fi.
This movie is a mix of 'fake' sci-fi, as Tim Allen and his cast are actually just actors in a Star Trek-esque show, but there are real aliens in here who view that show as historical documents and thus seek out the Galaxy Quest cast for aid.
 Tim Allen really breaks out of his stand-up/sitcom persona and plays a Shatner-esque role.
She really embraces her inner bimbo and has fun. Tim Allen as a Shatner-esque is a win!
But it doesn't. The film enters an almost DEMOLITION MAN-esque world (which, while a fun movie, isn't exactly the best film to emulate), filled with underground types that can either smuggle you out of the country away from the men and women of The Union (the greedy corporation that manufactures and supplies the artificial organs.
This movie is a mix of 'fake' sci-fi, as Tim Allen and his cast are actually just actors in a Star Trek-esque show, but there are real aliens in here who view that show as historical documents and thus seek out the Galaxy Quest cast for aid.
 Tim Allen really breaks out of his stand-up/sitcom persona and plays a Shatner-esque role.
She really embraces her inner bimbo and has fun. Tim Allen as a Shatner-esque is a win!
 Pino Donaggio's Herrmann-esque music underscores the film's dramatic tension, while many Hitchcockian elements and references surface.
 The beginning opens up in black and white and later on, when the lovers start over again, color (in a very Wong Kar-wai-esque cinematic sense of it) comes in.
 The acting is uniformly excellent.  The dialogue is crisp (maybe not Whedon-esque with the clever banter, but still very good).
 Madonna plays a scheming, Betty Davis-esque golddigger (surprise) who destroys men by oversexing them with her body!
Re: The Corinth Version<br /><br />Upon beginning Welles' epic Inception-esque neo-noir of a power-hungry man using the dredges of the world as his puppets, the average cinemaphile may become disillusioned.
a violent, convoluted, Tarantino-esque trip through the mean streets of Mumbai--stellar soundtrack and all.
There's a Taratino-esque quality to it that he even approve of this movie as being one of his favorite movies ever and now it has became a cult classic that even thrilled critics.
There's a Taratino-esque quality to it that he even approve of this movie as being one of his favorite movies ever and now it has became a cult classic that even thrilled critics.
 These eyeborgs range from the Q-bert-esque two-legged walking cameras to human-sized crab walkers with multiple legs and a single eye.
You also have the hilarious Looney Tunes-esque sound effects, intentionally "lame" humor, ironic use of disaster movie cliche's (weather anchor Patrick (Al Roker) even observes that the storm is "following an unusual pattern of hitting all of the worlds major landmarks first, and then spreading across the rest of the globe,") and an awesome soundtrack by Devo's Mark Mothersbaugh to give it the 80's retro-futuristic tone.
 It was even better the second viewing, where one can sink into performances such as Jeremy Renner's Cagney-esque bravado, and the subtle nuances of Affleck's self-direction as Doug McCray.
Nightmares, hello! He appears in an almost Adam & Eve-esque scenario.
i can say various things about why i love this movie, but most importantly i think is the hitchcock-esque atmoshpere and the dark alien underworld alongside the innocent down to earth relationship between kyle's and laura's characters play a lot on how a person will view the film.
<p>From the opening credits, in which the company performs the rousing, gospel-esque &#65533;How Shall I See You Through My Tears&#65533; to the end, when they dance through their own rendition of &#65533;The Want of a Nail,&#65533; it is this group of talented youngsters who make the movie come alive.
 The filmmakers could have given every scene a glossy, Hollywood-esque finish, and consequently make the film more palatable for kids and mainstream movie-going audiences, but doing that would likely downplay the realism essential to identifying with characters and making the story believable.
Somethings about this movie lack a lot and some might say its a Pulp Fiction-esque type movie and it is in its only little world.
 Stereotypes roll out in Zappa-esque, tongue-in-cheek scene after scene.
 To end on such a Pearl Harbor-esque romantic turn was a huge disappointment to me.
Don't listen to nay-sayers who  describe the ending as too open or the film's demon as too Darth Maul-esque.
David Arquette is as funny as ever as the bumbling Barney Fife-esque town sheriff.
Don't listen to nay-sayers who  describe the ending as too open or the film's demon as too Darth Maul-esque.
 He was the Salinger-esque character that was well defined, strong, and understandable.
There are Baroque cloud-mobiles (for the Three Boys), Picasso-esque cartoons, and Egyptian influences all over the place.
I thought it was better than the classic 1969 "Scooby Doo Where Are You?" series (there's something about the 1960-esque songs of "sunlight and flowers" in the 1969 series that rub me the wrong way)<br /><br /> I have a crush on Daphne Blake.
 The beginning opens up in black and white and later on, when the lovers start over again, color (in a very Wong Kar-wai-esque cinematic sense of it) comes in.
The plot while somewhat predictably martial arts-esque keeps you interested as you grow vested into the characters.
 Hearing the name Joss Whedon attached to the film, I had visions of Buffy-esque plot twists gone sci-fi.
While some dramatic license was taken with the storyline, &quot;Joseph&quot; thankfully eschews Disney-esque asides, superflous fantasy characters or expanded romantic angles (Joseph's love and marriage to Asenath is simply part of the story).
But that's about as comedic as this gets. Too much of the cute kids acting like adults. This was almost Disney-esque in its forced sweetness.
As a kid in the 1960's, I watched the Speed Racer cartoon a lot. It was an odd show, with a kerchief'd Pollyanna-esque main character navigating his way through hyper-exaggerated explosions and fist-fights with the Mob.
 Which is not to say IN THE LEAST that this is a silly or kid-only film.  Despite the mega-doses of Matrix-esque flash and dash, this is a great family film that has some serious heart to it, and which I feel was horribly maligned by the critics and movie-goers who weren't ready for what they were going to see and either couldn't or wouldn't go with the flow.
The end part was almost entertaining because of the over-the-top Fulci-esque skulls with worms all over the place and the singing.
Igby Goes Down is a miserable, Catcher in the Rye-esque piece of crap.
"I love this dirty town," proclaims the Walter Winchell-esque Hunsecker, and you never once doubt him.
Those looking for a Guinea Pig-esque experience will no doubt be grandly disappointed by all this.
Maybe. This film has PLENTY of each depicted in explicit, oozing, Burroughs-esque detail.
 The first story is about a cigar store wooden Indian that comes to life for some Charles Bronson-esque revenge when some hoodlums rob the general store and kill the owner, played by George Kennedy("Be sure.
 However, the films greatest strength is its style.  From the great special effects, seamless CGI enhancements, Elfman-esque soundtrack, distinct cinematography, and consistent bombardment of Halloween imagery to tie it all together, Dougherty has crafted a nearly perfect movie destined for cult-classic status.
 Then the music washed in and the frame expanded to a very Widescreen John Carpenter-esque Panavision shot with flickering jack o' lanterns in the corner and a Little Red Riding Hood walking through some moonlit woods.
 There are many black & white photos with blood splatter-esque color marks spread throughout.
Christopher Walken has a great time doing a parody of himself throughout the movie. He's hilarious as he does his Walken-esque soliloquies for everyone except the people that might actually have gotten a clue from his ramblings and figured out that this backwoods bad guy has more than one screw loose.
Here's your chance!) and closes with a Jackie Chan-esque highlight/blooper reel, neither of which are quite as entertaining as they ought to be but I appreciate the novelty.
 There was an attempt to build some "Da Vinci Code"-esque background, but it the mystery unravels before it begins.
Gene Wilder's narration adds an appropriate sense of Willy Wonka-esque wonder to this solid overview of the 1893 Chicago World's Fair.
 A little TRON-esque but I was digging it!
This is a gorgeous fantasy epic with a hefty dose of Monty Python-esque comedy thrown in for good measure.
 The cast is pretty close to all star including Robin Williams, Uma Thurman as a Botticelli-esque Venus, John Neville and even Terry Gilliam himself.
 Getting an Arnold-esque lead would have just been competing (quite lamely) with the original.
Instead of using weak -- and always obvious -- puns, the valley girl-esque Elvira pokes fun at the people and discrepancies in the feature film and her breaks are always amusing on some level.
Brief synopsis: This latest product of Trey Parker and Matt Stone's twisted imaginations involves Thunderbirds-esque puppetry; the current state of global affairs summarized in lots and lots of collateral damage courtesy of the titular team ("f--k yeah!
Production designer Jim Dultz had to recreate a believable Bruckheimer-esque world.
Any fool can guess what the outcome of this CINDERELLA-esque story will be.
With its exquisite black-and-white shots of Monument Valley, assured acting, and Custer-esque storyline, "Apache" is an enduring Western winner.
What can I say? It's BORING! I'm not a huge fan of Tom Hanks, especially with this mullet-esque hair (it's ok to hate me), but I love Iam McCellan and Jean Reno, but these great actors just couldn't save this movie.
As for the film itself - by now, everyone knows that it's a Campbell-esque &quot;hero's journey&quot; dressed up as a gothic horror/suspense yarn.
John Ratzenberger pops up as a strikingly Bumble-esque Yeti, and Frank Oz and Bonnie Hunt round out the team.
As for the human cast, Brendan Fraser, here a hapless stunt man whose dad just happens to be a 007-esque spy star both in character and for real (played broadly, if briefly, by ex-Bond Timothy Dalton), is a little bland, and the normally witty Jenna Elfman is mostly eye candy as the studio exec.
Everyone here is pitch-perfect: Hepburn, Holden, Bogie and the incomparable Billy Wilder.  This is a classic Cinderella-esque story of a young, poor girl hopelessly in love with the son of her father's employer.
 There were Matrix-esque slow motion bits, and even a "do something at a control panel before time runs out" bit.
Claudio Simonetti recorded some decent music for this one: some heavy instrumental synth-rock and some pretty, opera-esque music with a slightly creepy edge.
Not to mention, there is a huge terminator-esque bio-weapon running around.
Her super solider-esque, Matrix-like fighting techniques was a treat to watch.
The only way this would have been more offensive and cliched is if they had some Vaudeville-esque performer in blackface tap-dancing and eating watermelon throughout the film.
 Seemed a little non-Doctor Who-esque.
Somebody has a lot of nerve with the cover art to this dvd, not only with a cool, Keaton-esque Bat-costume, but the modern-day Robin suit (with green leggings, etc.
The plans to take over the world are no longer Rube Goldberg-esque concoctions pursued with zeal.
This scene is so painfully Cinderella-esque that I was waiting for Marisa to leave a glass slipper.
It has a lot of sorround effects specially in the beggining with the  'Matrix'-esque "girl with bomb explodes" sequence.
 Color also played an important role in the film--vivid comic book-esque scenes enhanced the edginess of the dark comedy.
He's also the film's narrator, and does several amusing Adaptation-esque tricks with the story's timeline, all the while delivering ingratiating "I know this is silly" asides to the audience.
They hold battle of the sexes crossword puzzle contests!)  The football game had a Kennedy-esque quality to it, and the family aerobics scene felt especially contrived.
 Like others have said, Oliver Stone was the films flaw.  Had it been Tarantino-esque in it's directing, I think it would have had more appeal, and less of the headache flavor.
 Don't go into this movie expecting a warm and fuzzy Kate and Leopold-esque feeling, but do expect to root for Bullock at least over her sleazy adversary.
 Kinski is suitably virgin-esque and McDowell suitably slimy.
Her eyebrow were that exquisite Madonna-esque thickness, her lips in a permanent state of partial openness with full-on pout, her hair cut to that boyish cute, and her shoulder pads speaking volumes about her feminine authority.
Dennis Farina plays a Colombo-esque L.
Dennis Farina plays a Colombo-esque L.
This film tells a powerful story, a "Crime and Punishment"-esque recovery of the soul, except without the ending that Dostoevsky had in his novel.
Each of them represents a philosophy. Vernita Green is the repentant killer; O-Ren is the megalomaniacal, Caligula-esque nihilist; Budd is a fatalistic, quiet nihilist; Elle is ambitious, cruel and spiteful.
Fun and Tarantino-esque, but wait for the special ed.
 The cinematography is the strongest aspect of this movie.  You'll be transported into a beautiful Eden-esque valley that seems too good to be true.
This was unintentionally hilarious.<br /><br />Although Harlin's version of the film was Tarantino-esque in its style, it is the superior of the two.
It was good don't get me wrong, but personally from my enjoyment of classic cheesy 80s horror-esque type movies, this didn't fit the bill.
But more importantly, his acting was tepid and his assumed accent was an abomination. It vacillated from Spanish-esque, French-esque, to Irish brogue, and sort of settled in the Irish range for the duration of the movie.
I especially loved the ending, it was original.<p>There is a Tenchi-esque feel to this series, so if you like Tenchi, you'll love this.
Die hard alien enthusiast impaled themselves on Giger-esque protrusions the second this movie came out.
Heart. Behind the ominous tinge of death, the cynical barkings of Captain Stottlemeyer, the Barney Fife-esque antics of Randy Disher, the equal parts maternal nagging and New Jersey attitude of Charona Flemming and the fact that it's basically a show about poking fun at one guy's mental problems is love.
But more importantly, his acting was tepid and his assumed accent was an abomination. It vacillated from Spanish-esque, French-esque, to Irish brogue, and sort of settled in the Irish range for the duration of the movie.
So imagine, if you will, a Buffy-esque movie featuring a pair of uber-cute punk-adorable pop stars, a slick-yet-inexplicably-corny gang of &quot;royal&quot; vampires, a vicious pack of (one must assume) lesser proletariat vampires, and an extended cameo wherein Jackie Chan attempts to wed a staggering alcoholic.
And how sad is it that my favorite part and character from the movie was Aro? Probably because he's a proper Rice-esque vampire.
There's a Taratino-esque quality to it that he even approve of this movie as being one of his favorite movies ever and now it has became a cult classic that even thrilled critics.
As far as urban Frankenstein-esque movies go, Indestructible Man isn't that bad; the decision to have Chaney utter no lines whatsoever after his execution and resurrection seems like a wise move, but then you think about how many additional lines this threw Max Showalter's way.
 The music sets the mood and tone rather well.  Overall, it has a very Trigun-esque sound, but with it's own flair.
Thus, he also included the party-girl Monroe-esque character in this film.
As for the film itself - by now, everyone knows that it's a Campbell-esque &quot;hero's journey&quot; dressed up as a gothic horror/suspense yarn.
Why have a pair of Laurel & Hardy-esque style sheriffs in what is supposedly a film of uncompromising savagery?
 And how very close help was...  Little Craven-esque  quirks tended to pop up (such as a sudden shift from extreme violence to a  scene of almost slapstick humor) that will remind viewers of the Elm Street  and Scream series.
If not for the PG-13 rating, G.I. Joe-esque "laser bullets," and occasional moments of cheese and campiness, I'd probably be so bold as to consider this "quintessential" for action junkies.
 Stratham demonstrates his kick-boxing talents and makes mush out of anyone who crosses him.  But it's the suave, Bond-esque manner in which his character conducts his "business" that makes this a really cool flick.
I didn't even mind the &quot;Fantasia&quot; ending, Dr. Reinhardt and Maximillian togther in a &quot;Dante-esque&quot; hell.
I wish I had some idea of where and how it was filmed. The thoughtfulness of it is Kurosawa-esque.
 There was also a little bit of Pulp Fiction-esque cinematography, especially in the beggining, which was done nicely.
a movie for adults (don't go into this expecting a simple, Barney-esque plot) that gives its viewers a childish glee.
 The president (a Clinton-esque Bill Bullman) calls upon military services to fight these creatures.
 He soon abondons his Kafka-esque existence and stops going to work, dumps his nagging b**tch of a girlfriend, and gets the courage to ask out a disgruntled waitress (Aniston).
But Reynold's psychotic Johnny-esque preformance was definitely worth admission price on the day after opening.
<p>This movie was excellent. A wonderful feel to it; very &quot;Mission: Impossible-esque.
But for the Hitchcock-esque way it scared you without really showing you anything.
The ending gave me both. We were able to see the Regan-esque beauty of the possessed along with bad dialogue and bad graphics.
 The movie, as someone mentioned, AS USUAL, was "Hollywood-esqued" but still has a wonderful surprise ending.
Here's your chance!) and closes with a Jackie Chan-esque highlight/blooper reel, neither of which are quite as entertaining as they ought to be but I appreciate the novelty.
 There was an attempt to build some "Da Vinci Code"-esque background, but it the mystery unravels before it begins.
 The movie, as someone mentioned, AS USUAL, was "Hollywood-esqued" but still has a wonderful surprise ending.
Here's your chance!) and closes with a Jackie Chan-esque highlight/blooper reel, neither of which are quite as entertaining as they ought to be but I appreciate the novelty.
 There was an attempt to build some "Da Vinci Code"-esque background, but it the mystery unravels before it begins.
 As the story moves towards its inevitable, Akira-esque conclusion, the revolutionary workers in the city attempt to gain control, although it becomes clear they are merely pawns of a larger force.
Ends with an Akira-esque apocalyptic "intended-climax" (I use the term 'climax' advisedly, for it is anything but) in which everything blows up.
Those looking for a Guinea Pig-esque experience will no doubt be grandly disappointed by all this.
Maybe. This film has PLENTY of each depicted in explicit, oozing, Burroughs-esque detail.
The cheap looking quality made it look almost documentary-esque, as if you're right there with them.
 <p>Spinning this tale of murder and corruption in a Nazi-esque England was pure genius -- Richard's murderous successes gain a momentum that is reminiscent of Hitler's and Stalin's respective power grabs, and we get a true sense of danger from Richard's ascension.
I could have done without the bad humor or the Jurassic Park-esque baby Godzilla side story, but I kinda like this Godzilla.
 Was it a Saw-esque police drama about a ruthless serial killer?
It is the beginning of the more internalised works by Cronenberg, though there are still some horror elements (the Giger-esque instruments for operating on mutant women and the dream sequence).
 There are even moments of (Forrest Gump/Zelig)-esque wizardry where documentary footage is kluged with new footage - it's never convincing enough to pass for real, but it's fun.
Scott) under his tutelage, and they begin a "Dirty Harry"-esque campaign of ridding the world of drug pushers with the assistance of Speedboat's sister, who is a high-ranking prostitute to the mob.
As usual, there's a lot going on that makes no real sense within the story (McConaughey's Rube Goldberg-esque prosthetic leg, the insane CIA agent played by a chilling John Gale, etc.
Instead I was disappointed to find an Indianna Jones-esque adventure.
 If you like Love Stories, then buy this movie.  Crouching Tiger has it all. Drama, matrix-esque fight scenes.
 If you are looking for a slapstick Jackie Chan-esque martial arts fun-fest in the vein of Drunken Master, this IS NOT your movie.
This movie has it all...car chases, a virgin sacrifice, a shootout, a foul-mouthed landlady, Dabney Coleman as a Hef-esque magazine mogul, a bunch of great one-liners, and a super cheesy 80s rock/rap theme song.
 The conflict is room temperature at best.<p> I think they were hoping for a Firm-esque thing here, one got that feeling from the previews.
A particularly pleasing set is Caleb's bachelor pad-esque room, furnished to the nines beyond what any kid could afford.
 Hearing the name Joss Whedon attached to the film, I had visions of Buffy-esque plot twists gone sci-fi.
 And of course Rob Reiner's Capra-esque moment is Shepard fighting back at the end, defending his membership of the ACLU and the rights of his girlfriend to burn flags.
Bloodwaters of Dr Z is a great 50's-esque rubber monster suit movie shot in the 70's (It looks like), about a Nazi shut in type trying to make an army of fish to take over the world.
<p>This movie was excellent. A wonderful feel to it; very &quot;Mission: Impossible-esque.
Playing the Keanu-esque foil to McConaughey's Swayze, Christian Bale returns every hardened stare, lets no machismo go unanswered, no muscle flex go un-flexed back at, and he'll be damned if he puts a shirt on either.
I thought the picture quality was great despite some criticism here.<br /><br />The 1st disc has the traditional, Kafka-esque, post-modern genius that makes this one of the best sci-fi film ever.
The film offers the viewer a retro-esque future that mixes the past of the 40's, 50's, 60's and early 70's in one movie but in a brilliant kind of surreal and weird way that it's just scrumbcous like Ridley Scott's "Blade Runner" or Fritz Lang's "Metropolis".
Why would he cut an important keystone of the book's plot? Yet he decides to replace that with Cuban Missile Crisis-esque conflict down on Earth, which feels incredibly irrelevant in present year of 2004.
It works  well - location footage in Scotland and lots and lots of smoke give the  production an 'Exclaibur'-esque look of grim and gritty reality, and this  is what sticks in the mind after the film is over.
In the Italian horror films I've seen I'm typically treated to either a Goblin soundtrack, or a Goblin-esque soundtrack.
Lovecraft-esque  Italian supernatural horror thriller from Lucio Fulci is one of his greatest and coolest movies ever.
 Failing on potential, the Tarantino-esque violence could only carry him so far, and the rest was utter embarrassment.
Instead I was disappointed to find an Indianna Jones-esque adventure.
 With "Reloaded", what began as a single successful film becomes an updated "Star Wars"-esque trilogy, with a seemingly unbeatable first film, a middle piece, and a battle-filled climax.
 There has been much talk of the frozen bodies still on Everest.  You will not find them in this Disney-esque feature.
 Add to this intriguing human-esque characters portrayed by actors of a caliber no longer seen in American television or movies (actors with the ability to convey, with heart-rending conviction, a myriad of emotions with a single glance or gesture) throw in some stunning sets, and you have a production that is unmatchable.
There's a Taratino-esque quality to it that he even approve of this movie as being one of his favorite movies ever and now it has became a cult classic that even thrilled critics.
 You knew he was physically powerful, but in this movie Dennehy achieves  Brando-esque emotional power.
quaint at this point. Made in the early 1970s, it features a Joan Baez song and some decidedly hippie-esque trappings.
Instead I was disappointed to find an Indianna Jones-esque adventure.
"The Red Violin" is a mediocre, highly superficial film that follows the creation and life of a Stradivari-esque fiddle over several centuries, through various owners in Europe, Asia, and finally, North America.
quaint at this point. Made in the early 1970s, it features a Joan Baez song and some decidedly hippie-esque trappings.
If anything, From Paris with Love is another great addition to the more recent over-the-top and B-movie-esque action titles like Shoot 'Em Up, Crank, and the Transporter movies.
In "Lost Boys: The Thirst", Corey Feldman returns as Edgar Frog. He is hired by a Stephanie Meyer-esque bookwriter, who also shares a similar, unrealistic take on vampires, to find her brother, who was kidnapped by bloodsuckers.
The Thirst i grew more and more disappointed as i realized it just simply wasn't delivering. it had way to much Blade-esque to it, and i'm not sexiest but the female vampires just seemed to be selling sex in most of there scenes instead of being, well cool.
If anything, From Paris with Love is another great addition to the more recent over-the-top and B-movie-esque action titles like Shoot 'Em Up, Crank, and the Transporter movies.
Some good Lawrence-esque scenes here & there but,generally,the film lacks real soul & drags out too much.
Remarkably, the only true musical Frank, Dino, and Sammy ever made together! Directed by Gordon Douglas, this Capra-esque comedy resets the 'Robin Hood' story in 1930s Chicago, with the guys as likable mobsters assuming the persona's of Robin, Little John, and Will Scarlet.
 It made the penguin seem even more bizarre, because all he listened to was this elevator-esque organ music oozing out of the radio.
MG.  Many elements contribute to the sickeningly sweet tone that pervades almost every frame:  the Barney-esque appearance of Little Godzilla, the romance  that developes between Miki and G-Force soldier Shindo, the music score,  the new incarnation of Mogera, etc.
 The difference is this: Julian Fellowes' Forsythe Saga-esque script has less to do with the actual historicity of Titanic and more to do with a grand soap opera dealing with class structure in the early part of the 20th century.
When Underworld was first marketed before it hit theaters, it marketed as a Romeo &amp; Juliet-esque love story involving werewolves and vampires.
 The acting is goofy, the special effects are &quot;Clash of the Titans&quot;-esque, and Ash seems to get his shotgun out of nowhere after coming out of the pit; but, you love it anyway cause its funny and good for a viewing at anytime of the day or night.
 To show off contemporary versions (circa 1990) of Ray Harryhausen-esque stop-motion techniques:<p>The special effects, while dated in the face of CGI prodigiousness, are enormous and spectacular.
 Its about the scenery, the cool acting, the cool action, etc.  Its not that the movie has any David Lynch-esque surreal plots, its just that once you understand what is going on (and the plot twists are a big part of the movie), you'll likely say a very noncomittal, "oh.
And, I think Season 3 is the raciest and sexiest of all the seasons (sometimes downright - and very UN-Happy Days-esque, naughty).
 If you are expecting a classic zombie thriller, this ain't it.  It's really more of a twisted Tim Burton-esque parody of 1950's life which happens to have zombies in it.
The 50's-esque fashions and attitudes are also amusing.
I love the use of color: the cars are especially yummy. Billy Connolly is brilliant as Fido! The story is almost Disney-esque: an emotionally stunted family, a lonely boy, and the dog (or in this case, the zombie) who shakes things up.
Funny 1950's "Night of the Living Dead"-esque satire.
All in all, great for Bey/Bruckheimer-esque entertainment, but horrible in everything else.
All in all, great for Bey/Bruckheimer-esque entertainment, but horrible in everything else.
Why is that? First off, the previews made it seem like a Naked Gun-esque spoof, of which I am a big fan of those types of movies.
The girl warrior is quite easy on the eyes but the Frankenstein-esque warrior is just so funny it's sad.
Eventually, he settles his differences in a Fight Club-esque manner -- which is more ridiculous than it sounds -- in order to make way for some more subplots that make absolutely no sense and go nowhere.
evil), and comes out on top (he turns out good)! He is the quintessiantal human character, "Odyssey-esque" (as old Cock used to say), an everyman for today.
 The perfect heroine.<br /><br />The way this movie was done, with the dark, gritty, noir-esque settings of Batman and the 'lightness' of the dark comedy from Nicholson's Joker, gives the movie a vitality that all the others have lacked to a certain extent.
Batman Returns has a very creative and &quot;Burton-esque&quot;  visual style, yet it's so unrelentingly dark it can't compare to the first,  and the best.
He also has an intentional cameo later on in the movie. His brief performance isn't exactly Hitchcockian or Tarantino-esque, but I think he makes out okay.
The Frank Capra-esque stylings of the camera work, put together with the visionary production, which I can only assume was the work of the great George Lucas, makes this, dare I say, the greatest piece of film of our generation.
If you like Tim Burtons work, you will appreciate the skewed perspectives, the painted sets, and the Edward Scissorhads-esque "Somnambulist".
With bold, "Pee-Wee's Playhouse"-like doors, Burton-esque buildings, and a dream-like town, director Robert Wiene (along with his set designer and cinematographer) was well beyond the 1900s.
 In "Spice World," the girls take on a world tour with Bond-esque style.
What fun! Scrap the past 40 years of music development and go straight back into the good old jazz/Chicago-esque style.
if you are looking for a Dirty Harry-esque cool fest from eastwood, you will be dissappointed.
Most of the 'Stand By Me'-esque story is done fairly well, considering.
Every fight scene and car chase (yes, there is more than one car chase) is loaded with Michael Bay-esque hand-held hyper-cuts.
Most of these scenes show Johnny's brother Danny (Michael Rosenbaum) and his friends engaging in silly, Diner-esque witty (and not so witty) repartee.
This leads him to bust up a scheme by an Illuminati-esque group of businessmen to control a major natural resource.
 I would have loved to have seen a Matthew Fox-esque emotive rant that LOST fans have come to appreciate, but it just never happened.
The villain is appropriately slimy and lizard-esque.
Despite Hector Elizondo's caricature performance as a Columbo-esque detective and the fact that the film celebrates being shallow as much as it condemns such behavior, it scores some hits, not the least of which is the breezy opening song by Blondie.
Escher-esque beauty.
Herbert Lom is in top form as the stalking, phantom-esque madman (this is no spoiler, as we are shown this in the first five minutes).
This is a story about finding your niche in life. Kind of a fairy tale-esque plot,  wonderfully presented.
The documentary-esque realism is very much alive in this film and I have to say that Liman is an excellent director.
 That little plot twist, as well as the neighbor child's CARRIE-esque psychokinetic abilities should make it clear that we are entering the realm of the absurd here.
Namely the character Augra is being dubbed with Frank Oz's Miss Piggy-esque voice over and of course there is no music or post-production.
 On the way, he encounters Keira, a girl gelfling, her pomeranian-esque pet, Fizgig (a creature with two sets of teeth and a raging temper), the musical potlins (little hippy creatures who have a lust for life and great music), and many other twists and turns.
If Walt was willing to die, a more Eastwood-esque ending of going in guns blazing would have made a LOT more sense.
Oh, boy, was this movie offensive.<br /><br />I'm not even talking about the rampant Archie Bunker-esque racist remarks coming from the mouth of angry old Mr.
 Only Clint Eastwood can deliver the lines he does in this movie and make them work.  They're so Clint Eastwood-esque.
On previous Bakshi films the live action film bleeds through, not so on Fire and Ice, the vibrant Frazetta-esque colors suck you into the world of the movie.
 Although not a highly original or edgy film, it does goes well beyond the barriers of a typical Disney-esque movie.
Still, you've got a great cornball factor with Chuck &quot;Rifleman&quot; Connors in the Jim Siedow-esque role of helpful country bumpkin and a bona fide Scream Queen in Jocelyn Jones (easily the best performer in the film, her eyes convey true terror - it's a pity she didn't make a career of this).
Even so, after trying my best to just enjoy it, this movie was truly apocryphal. Every bit of the Adams-esque dialogue  has been removed, the characters have been stripped of their charm, the opening scene with singing dolphins made my teeth hurt, and the acting left much to be desired.
 It was even better the second viewing, where one can sink into performances such as Jeremy Renner's Cagney-esque bravado, and the subtle nuances of Affleck's self-direction as Doug McCray.
...ok, well maybe not James Bond, but close enough. <p>In this movie, we get to see a James Bond-esque character played by Pierce Brosnan screw up a tailor in Panama's life.
This movie is almost Parent Trap-esque with Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen playing two different girls, yet it also has definite overtones of the Prince and the Pauper.
"The Red Violin" is a mediocre, highly superficial film that follows the creation and life of a Stradivari-esque fiddle over several centuries, through various owners in Europe, Asia, and finally, North America.
"The Red Violin" is a mediocre, highly superficial film that follows the creation and life of a Stradivari-esque fiddle over several centuries, through various owners in Europe, Asia, and finally, North America.
"The Red Violin" is a mediocre, highly superficial film that follows the creation and life of a Stradivari-esque fiddle over several centuries, through various owners in Europe, Asia, and finally, North America.
Lector look like a Sesame Street character. Bale's cold, charismatic, misogynist turn is riveting. His James Bondian-esque face changes to the devilish mask with the reptilian eyes so rapidly, that your blood would freeze.
Whereas Travis Bickle (DeNiro) had an almost innocent, Holden Caulfield-esque outlook on life and the drive to be a heroic figure that saves the world, Patrick Bateman sees the world as an extension of his "greed and disgust".
Lector look like a Sesame Street character. Bale's cold, charismatic, misogynist turn is riveting. His James Bondian-esque face changes to the devilish mask with the reptilian eyes so rapidly, that your blood would freeze.
Whereas Travis Bickle (DeNiro) had an almost innocent, Holden Caulfield-esque outlook on life and the drive to be a heroic figure that saves the world, Patrick Bateman sees the world as an extension of his "greed and disgust".
Let's start (and maybe finish) with my first complaint. What's with that sappy, cigar addled Jimney Cricket-esque, nostalgia-obsessed - cliched beyond belief - narration that accompanies black and white shots from the past as boringly as any car commercial?
 But, I will say that the aspect of the movie that was Cloverfield-esque, though somewhat disappointing, does not completely ruin the movie.
 But, I will say that the aspect of the movie that was Cloverfield-esque, though somewhat disappointing, does not completely ruin the movie.
almost-but-not-quite (Uncanny Valley-esque).
it's a crazy comedy that reaches for Adam Sandler-esque heights (think "Little Nicky" lite).
This movie is, in fact, hilarious. It's a pleasant blend of Anchorman-esque humor and Super Bad style punchy jokes.
Peterman and the annoying fratboy-esque David Puddy.
 What's the point?  Every time civilization is engulfed in some sort of cannibalistic, zombie-esque plague many questions get begged and then I fail to enjoy the movie.
Where Smith usually shines, in his predictable hero-esque roles, he fails here--as a scientist who experiment goes wrong.
 I'm glad the directors took a different approach to the Twilight Zone-esque themes of vampires that the original book took.
But more importantly, his acting was tepid and his assumed accent was an abomination. It vacillated from Spanish-esque, French-esque, to Irish brogue, and sort of settled in the Irish range for the duration of the movie.
But more importantly, his acting was tepid and his assumed accent was an abomination. It vacillated from Spanish-esque, French-esque, to Irish brogue, and sort of settled in the Irish range for the duration of the movie.
It's a role that was made for him. This movie has some cheesy scenes that are quite 1980s-esque, but you'll probably enjoy them.
"The Red Violin" is a mediocre, highly superficial film that follows the creation and life of a Stradivari-esque fiddle over several centuries, through various owners in Europe, Asia, and finally, North America.
In fact, Hopper portrays the ruthless Fiddler's Green executive with a certain Rumsfeld-esque and Cheney-esque approach.
"The Red Violin" is a mediocre, highly superficial film that follows the creation and life of a Stradivari-esque fiddle over several centuries, through various owners in Europe, Asia, and finally, North America.
In fact, Hopper portrays the ruthless Fiddler's Green executive with a certain Rumsfeld-esque and Cheney-esque approach.
One of the most enjoyable attempts at another Harry Potter-esque franchise.
But the ultimate booby prize goes to BARB WIRE. And what boobies! From the opening FLASHDANCE-esque strip club routine, in which millions of gallons of water are sprayed onto heroine Pamela Anderson's bared casabas, Barb Wire is a perky paean to the wonders of silicone.
One of the finest ways that this is captured is the poetic and ballet-esque motion of the battle sequences.
There were hints of Braveheart-esque traits but sadly this film, while excellent in its own right, falls short.
Well, it depends what you want.  If that is another cute fantasy film with Disney-esque animals and wise-cracking, snogging, contemporary teenagers ("Sorted!
 In the games, Liu Kang was always one of my least favorite characters, due to his overblown Bruce Lee-esque imitation, but this film removes that, preventing him from being annoying.
Instead, the ending is quite Disney-esque, as would be expected.
 It was set in China, yes.  The costumes were beautiful and they used enough Confucius-esque metaphors to fill a Taoism book, but Mulan's whole attitude is "do what you think is right, not what society thinks is right.
The only reason  I can see why it has not received more notice is a lack of marketing and  big-name stars. &quot;Capra-esque&quot; in the best sense, it puts to shame &quot;Major League&quot; and would-be mythic silliness as  &quot;The Natural.
Richard Robbins Glass-esque score was fresh and hypnotic, transporting us into the lush greenery and richly cloistered environment of the old house.
If you like Tim Burtons work, you will appreciate the skewed perspectives, the painted sets, and the Edward Scissorhads-esque "Somnambulist".
With bold, "Pee-Wee's Playhouse"-like doors, Burton-esque buildings, and a dream-like town, director Robert Wiene (along with his set designer and cinematographer) was well beyond the 1900s.
You've got an all star cast and a John Hughes-esque direction that can't be beat.
Brief synopsis: This latest product of Trey Parker and Matt Stone's twisted imaginations involves Thunderbirds-esque puppetry; the current state of global affairs summarized in lots and lots of collateral damage courtesy of the titular team ("f--k yeah!
Production designer Jim Dultz had to recreate a believable Bruckheimer-esque world.
That is of course before her final transformation and once the fangs come into play, she resembles a Carly Simon-esque freakshow in need of serious dental work.
Summer Glau, as Supergirl, is terrific, and Ed Asner, as Fagin-esque supervillainess Granny Goodness(!
This is a gorgeous fantasy epic with a hefty dose of Monty Python-esque comedy thrown in for good measure.
 The cast is pretty close to all star including Robin Williams, Uma Thurman as a Botticelli-esque Venus, John Neville and even Terry Gilliam himself.
 The other actors have strong, Monty Python-esque performances, particularly in their voices.
 The drunkards in the film reminded me of my own goof-ball, 3-Stooges-esque uncles who molested me after binge drinking themselves into a blacked-out stupper.
And it wouldn't be a Star Wars-esque movie if it didn't have its comic relief, this time it comes in the guise of hapless wizard, Ergo.
Heck I will not even mention his Costner-esque* mastery of a Russian Accent.
Heck I will not even mention his Costner-esque* mastery of a Russian Accent.
Ella also manages to help a dentist who wants to becomes a composer, and a Brando-esque teen actor achieve status.
It's a very Alfred Hitchcock-esque movie that offers excellent performances and a very horrific torture scene that is guaranteed not for the faint of heart, anyone who enjoys thrillers and shockers i recommend this movie.
There's some great, ummm, brainless slapstick, but there's also many Seinfeld-esque setups hatched throughout, always coming full-circle & paying big dividends.
And she's right. Shaun doesn't seem to notice the zombie-esque lifestyle he leads, the terrible routine of drinking at `The Winchester' pub (named after the rifle that gleams over the bar), the protecting of Ed's horrific behavior (ripping farts and calling women the "C" word while never maintaining a job of any kind), and, of course, his forgetfulness that she, Liz, is actually a part of his life.
 The film is quite funny with some Python-esque moments, but is also able to screetch to a halt to deliver a few scenes that might actually get you a little misty eyed(!
Hey, I like thrillers and Polanski-esque tension and films that zig when they should zag as much as anybody.
 This is not the shoddy Ted Turner-esque colorization of the 1980s, and the advance of technology in the interim decades certainly shows in a positive way.
The film DAVE could be called "Capra-esque" to a point with its optimism and feel good ending.
Kevin Kline's performance brings to mind a Jimmy Stewart-type performance (hence the reference to Capra-esque and "Mr Smith.
It is cleverly and artfully presented, with Chuck Jones'  trademark Looney Tunes-esque animation, and a sweet little story, which,  though rather slim, holds the viewer's interest for every single one of its  eighty-six minutes.
 Whereas the slapstick, three stooges-esque fight scene toward the end was one of the low points.
Osunsami takes few chances with his footage here, and when he does, it has more to do with Blair-Witch-Project-esque first-person-cam fiddling than it does with trying to make the viewer claustrophobic (something the first half of The Descent does with chilling effectiveness).
Didn't get it. But what *was* there was pretty good/interesting. The "Labyrinth" is a mildly amusing Myst-esque DVD game feature for an alternate way to access some interviews, production stills, etc.
I should've trusted his judgement.  Far from a "Something Weird"-esque classic, this is a complete bore.
 The president (a Clinton-esque Bill Bullman) calls upon military services to fight these creatures.
 The president (a Clinton-esque Bill Bullman) calls upon military services to fight these creatures.
Portrait of Jason is a documentary-esque film with only one character, Jason.
 Idris Elba is always welcome as far as I'm concerned.  Yes, the tone of this movie is much darker - less Disney-esque - and a tiny bit gruesome, but that is Ghost Rider!
 After a brilliant, Mignola-esque animated sequence zipping us through Johnny Blaze's deal with the devil that transformed him into the Ghost Rider, we learn he's been hiding out from civilization out in eastern Europe.
 Using the woodpecker as a morse code-esque symbol was a beautiful touch.
Personally, I like this approach a lot. Because the opera is so character driven, it can be performed without Ring Cycle-esque sets.
 But a dreadfully dull Tarzan-esque battle with the main villainess, unrealistic bullet dodging, and an anti-climactic airplane crash quickly rescind this action vehicle's license to thrill.
Hilarious stunts, ridiculous cheesy little Spielberg-esque asides (the drunk in the alley), horrible one-liners.
 Hard Hat Harry makes me want to throw up.  The kids in the show are disgusting Barney-esque actors too.
This heightens Lucian's animosity toward his vampire rulers and ignites him to lead a SPARTACUS-esque Lycan revolt.
There are several truly spectacular numbers - the Busby Berkeley-esque showstopper in the bank early on while Martin is trying to borrow money; the dance in the rain to the title song by The Accordionist (Vernel Bagneris) (reminiscent of Gene Kelly in Singin' in the Rain) and Christopher Walken's dynamic number in the tavern (which reminded me of some of Sammy Davis Jr's work) are all worthy of their antecendents.
Yes, it was a little High Fidelity-esque as it recounted relationships-gone-by, but it was new life in an old mold.
 This is not the shoddy Ted Turner-esque colorization of the 1980s, and the advance of technology in the interim decades certainly shows in a positive way.
the voice of the prosecutor is done by John Vernon, the actor who portrayed Dean Wormer in Animal House), the EC-esque B-17 (aka Gremlins, which went through so many script revisions, it's a miracle it got finished at all), the bizarrely hilarious So Beautiful And So Dangerous (ok, maybe there's some truth to the juvenilia charges during this segment, but only a corpse could keep from laughing at this piece), and revenge scenario of Taarna (imagine a tougher, sexier version of Xena, only about a decade and a half earlier).
No, no Kafka-esque sense of danger.
Each of them represents a philosophy. Vernita Green is the repentant killer; O-Ren is the megalomaniacal, Caligula-esque nihilist; Budd is a fatalistic, quiet nihilist; Elle is ambitious, cruel and spiteful.
Fun and Tarantino-esque, but wait for the special ed.
 The story does measure up and the cheesy special effects only add to the fun.  It's a Monty Python-esque view of space and travel  in general with great commentary on our society and its peculiarities.
 That's 100% good with me so right away I was expecting a Kubrick-esque film.
the New Testament.<p>While this has the classic Python-esque wry humor and satire, there's something a little more timid here.
 The production values are A-team-esque, Mamets lauded dialoge makes Judge Dredd look like Alexander Hamilton, and you'll be left playing with the contrast on your television as you wonder if there are people acting out scenes somewhere within all those dramatic shadows.
My favorite character is the kanye west-esque samurai (dont worry, you'll get it) The greastest thing about the show is it's brevity.
very friday the 13th-esque.
Just wasted $3.99 on this video. Highschool-esque actors, recycled Lord-of-the-Rings props, road movie storyline.
Gene Wilder's narration adds an appropriate sense of Willy Wonka-esque wonder to this solid overview of the 1893 Chicago World's Fair.
Strange but true. I also didn't like the Disney-esque change from the book.
They outwit the zombie-esque populous at every turn in subtle and not so subtle ways.
It works  well - location footage in Scotland and lots and lots of smoke give the  production an 'Exclaibur'-esque look of grim and gritty reality, and this  is what sticks in the mind after the film is over.
 In an obvious reference to/spoof of Peter Seller's work on the entire Pink Panther franchise from the intro Mancini-esque opening sequence music ala "The Return of the Pink Panther" to the bumbling detective/spy protagonist this film has actually remained a whole lot funnier than that film that upon recent viewing has truly aged very, very poorly.
 Kiefer Sutherland's Peter Lorre-esque dialogue is kind of annoying, but you get used to it, and it's interesting to see him so vulnerable and weak, like Bruce Willis in "12 Monkeys" or Denzel Washington in "The Manchurian Candidate (2004)".
 Rufus Sewell, Jennifer Connoly, and William Hurt are more than passable, and Kiefer Sutherland's perfomance as a Lorre-esque psychologist must be seen to be believed.
At times, it feels very modern noir-esque in the same way that the Joseph Gordon Levitt film Brick did.
The annoying Disney-esque familiar to our villain, Rasputan, is an obnoxious little white bat (which channels Iago from Aladdin) who inexplicably moves from being a sinister and vindictive side-kick to an unwilling and disinterested participant to his master's evil scheme.
If not for the PG-13 rating, G.I. Joe-esque "laser bullets," and occasional moments of cheese and campiness, I'd probably be so bold as to consider this "quintessential" for action junkies.
 Stratham demonstrates his kick-boxing talents and makes mush out of anyone who crosses him.  But it's the suave, Bond-esque manner in which his character conducts his "business" that makes this a really cool flick.
Unfortunately it doesn't seem to shake off the problems that have often been an issue in Smallville.  Some soap opera-esque drama, poor cgi, and anticlimactic conclusions to story arcs.
 Ed Norton's character, Smoochy, portrays a Barney-esque, over-the-top-nice children's television star.
But the ultimate booby prize goes to BARB WIRE. And what boobies! From the opening FLASHDANCE-esque strip club routine, in which millions of gallons of water are sprayed onto heroine Pamela Anderson's bared casabas, Barb Wire is a perky paean to the wonders of silicone.
 Disgusting, sappy, Forrest Gump-esque portrayal of a pretty little enlightened plantation darling giving black women the courage to tell their stories.
 All of it done in gaspable color,  bizarre settings and imagery,  in what has led to the very word,  "Fellini-esque".
 And of course Rob Reiner's Capra-esque moment is Shepard fighting back at the end, defending his membership of the ACLU and the rights of his girlfriend to burn flags.
It's a very simple RPG-esque plot, but it's the journey that makes the movie.
I cried buckets at the end. All in all, I think the filmmakers did a good job. There were some painfully Disney-esque moments, but for the most part, the filmmakers practiced reasonable restraint and avoided the gagging-smarm-factor.
&quot;Evil Dead&quot; is indeed without question, the BEST zombie-esque movie since &quot;Night Of The Living Dead&quot;, and is a non-stop thrill ride at every turn!
(my least favorite part is easily the way that, when the vampires bite, their mouths extend to a ludicrous Steven Tyler-esque proportion.
It was his cunning and wisdom that defeated Dracula, not a rapid fire cross bow and Dresden Files-esque duster.
But there's a decent amount of Adam Sandler-esque slapstick comedy bits to be entertaining.
The production value is top notch. The special effects are really good and hold up really well even in our "matrix-esque" era.
 Early on she was simply a bizarre and cute dimwit (sort of the Anti-Murphy) who longed to be more Murphy-esque.
 The acting is mostly laughable.  Richard Burton is downright Shatner-esque in his portrayal of a drunk ex-minister.
It's also a bit more movie-esque in the more bigger action scenes, making it a bit more dynamic.
 Well, first of all, the main (kinda') character...a gothic, dark, strange, quiet, "Vampire Hunter D"-esque character named "Darkside".
This movie gives us a very David Lyncian-esque look at Suburban life in the late 50's with a nice score by Jonathan Elias and Angelo Balantomi (Blue Velvet and City of Lost Children) and very well acted.
 The beginning scene with the "cream" filled wash cloth and the condom in the hair, very American Pie-esque.
 The president (a Clinton-esque Bill Bullman) calls upon military services to fight these creatures.
 Look at the SPACE MARINE board and video games, and read past HEAVY METAL  issues and look for &quot;Alien-esque&quot; storylines ( where a bunch of  people are out destroying aliens &amp; bugs with cool weaponry ).
Director James Cameron takes us more into an action oriented Alien movie then the horror-esque type of the first film, and it's done extremely well, engrossing you (for the most part) from the first scene, to the very last.
 I really liked the characters of Cher and Josh and their sibling-esque rivalry that blossomed into love and a lot of the parallels with the book were funny, but this isn't one of my favorite movies or even adaptations.
Leonard-esque start, mystery ending.
He helped Sand become the third major character in the film, giving it personality, creating a Dali-esque canvas.
 It's the tale of ALFs crashing to earth, evil poachers, an ET-esque relationship, an awful pop group weekending in the woods.
<p>It's brilliant.<p>Gyllenhaal plays Jimmy Livingston, the three sttoges-esque flip side of John Travolta's Tod Lubtich (the main character of smarmy 1976 made-for-TV movie The Boy in the Plastic Bubble).
Leonard-esque start, mystery ending.
Leonard-esque start, mystery ending.
 The show here is a sleezy Jerry-Springer-esque show, just to increase the pressure for the main character, played by Brittany Murphy.
 If you're looking for a good Meg Ryan-esque light-hearted comedy, look elsewhere.
The more Ozu-esque Maborosi is also worthwhile and beautifully shot, and Distance has a highly intriguing narrative, but if you only see one of Kore-Eda's films, do yourself a favor and buy or rent this one.
The gang returns in "Truth," which is a soap opera-esque sequel to the original that started it all.
Although the overall plot was amazing, I could not help but be sidetracked by some of the ridiculously soap-opera-esque sub-plots.
This motivates Rocky to get back to the ring and make a George Foreman-esque comeback for the ages.
 <p>Leonardo Dicaprio plays Romeo as a misunderstood James Dean-esque rebel with a mysterious aura about him.
DiCaprio's very Shakespeare-in-the-Park-esque Romeo was rather disappointing.
 Like others have said, Oliver Stone was the films flaw.  Had it been Tarantino-esque in it's directing, I think it would have had more appeal, and less of the headache flavor.
Didn't really make much sense to stupid me. <p>Don't go into this expecting a great, Armageddon-esque film.
I actually enjoyed the fact that Trinity took on a sort of Shaft-esque vibe, especially in the opening sequence where Blade emerges from the fire and the camera freezes at various points in the action during the credits, very much like what you'd see in a 70's blaxpoitation film.
Robbie Coltrane (Harry Potter And The...) is wonderfully low-key in his Watson-esque role as Depp's assistant.
Forget &quot;Dances with Wolves.&quot;  Kevin Costner outdoes himself as an actor in this superb Capra-esque movie that is filled with magic rarely seen onscreen.
If you like Tim Burtons work, you will appreciate the skewed perspectives, the painted sets, and the Edward Scissorhads-esque "Somnambulist".
With bold, "Pee-Wee's Playhouse"-like doors, Burton-esque buildings, and a dream-like town, director Robert Wiene (along with his set designer and cinematographer) was well beyond the 1900s.
 Mumbles almost has this Michael Jackson-esque quality about him.
Crisp, gorgeous ice and artic landscapes, almost feels National Geographic-esque at times.
a task easier said then done. The story for The Ladykillers, as Cohen Brothers-esque as it may be, is too outlandish even for them.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
Its a combination of Cops and ER which tries to elevate  itself into art with the Madonna-esque MTV video style footage - and  portentious voice overs, the result is terrible.
Its a combination of Cops and ER which tries to elevate  itself into art with the Madonna-esque MTV video style footage - and  portentious voice overs, the result is terrible.
Its a combination of Cops and ER which tries to elevate  itself into art with the Madonna-esque MTV video style footage - and  portentious voice overs, the result is terrible.
. . <p>. . . and so it is with `Memento', a pastiche of Jim<br />Thompson-esque crime cliches complicated, but not<br />deepened, by a fairly original cinematic device.
 But this, a noir-esque policier is all the more surprising for the amount of life the master is able to breathe into an otherwise stale, and over-worked type.
Skipped around to check, but yeah, the whole thing is littered with bootleg-esque and/or PAL-like conversion artifacts over *every moving image*.
 ///// Dana: Hello, Peter. Peter Venkman: [whips around Melodramatically, and speaks in a soap opera-esque deep tone] Hello, Dana.
Right, and finds Mrs. Partly-Right instead, drove me crazy with their Woody Allen-esque attempts to be intellectually funny.
This movie is an instant classic!!<br /><br />Instead of aiming for sitcom-esque jokes like most of his films, HTTYD has what all Pixar films have: a wide appeal.
Contrary to what some people are saying, I didn't feel like Hiccup was too witty and had 'a juno-esque feel' to him at all.
 The competitiveness, the older guy who runs the show, and the taunts between freerunners make this feel like a parkour-esque Step Up or You Got Served.
Agent 86 used a variety of Bond-esque devices, notably his shoe, which contained a phone and other doo-dads to help him get through each episode.
 At first I thought - Oh... another Disney-esque Soprano/Belt voice - but then ALL of them sounded like that.
 That's 100% good with me so right away I was expecting a Kubrick-esque film.
 It lacks the both earnest charm of the original comic as well as the Matrix-esque glitz and gusto that makes The Ultimates one of the most readable and cleverly modern comics published today.
Plus, he had a really dodgy Steven Segal-esque ponytail.
Unexpectedly -- but in the end, not very effectively -- a Tarantino-esque dimension emerges, not care of Jackson but in the form of effete Brit crime boss Xavier, prone to opining about wines like a sommelier before viciously dispatching his opponents.
There are moments, such as the darkening of the room and in REAR WINDOW-esque fashion, Olsen uses an older-fashioned Polariod Instant Camera to illuminate her surroundings.
The thought of lego-esque characters in the Gay here-and-theres of life is truly amazing.
Senator seeking the Presidential nomination on the heels of his McCarthy-esque tirades against communists in the government.
 The McCarthy-esque anticommunism of the Iselins brilliantly hides the fact that the conspiracy is more real than even the Iselins publically let on, as we see when we find the identity of Shaw's American operator.
"No WMD in Iraq"; "It's all about Oil (not answering Islamic terror)"; evil fat, Haliberton-esque Montana Senator; good, but ineffective, executive branch and US Attorneys; bad Congress and its secret operatives (evil Serbian sniper).
 Seems the good Colonel is actually a subversive government agent working for a Dick Cheney-esque senator, Charles F.
 At the beginning of the movie it feels like  another Star Trek - Battlestar Galactica-esque movie; you are in deep space  searching for a lost ship and then when you find it there are no life  signs.
(Very Hopper-esque.
This isn't really a film that's bound to get you all energized a la War of the Worlds and it doesn't have a Munich-esque message and it's there simply to have a good time.
 Then again, it should be noted that, in Capra's time (as I have read several reviews here that accurately note a Capra-esque feel), his more idealistic approaches to films like "Mr.
Hanks plays a Russian-esque civilian coming to NY and is stuck in this new area.
<p>I guess 'Harold and Maude' plays on '60s-esque themes of turning maverick, challenging societal moulds, denouncing materialism.
Not as memorable as that movie, "Deranaged" is still a very documentary-esque look at the mind of a serial killer long before there was "Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer", it's a nail-biting suspense shocker that will hit you in the stomach.
Some of the scenes where they are driving down to Mexico are very Hunter S. Thompson-esque.
 Some of Woods and Belushi's banter is Jerry Seinfeld and Larry David-esque.
Wayne's Bligh-like Dunson and Clift's Fletcher Christian-esque Garth are terrific characters in large part because the leisurely pace of the film gives them time to grow and change, gives us the audience a real feel that weeks have passed and that Dunson's growing madness - and Garth's growing sense of authority - aren't just sudden movie plot devices, but real changes in personality brought into place through real conditions.
The color and clarity are amazing, and it's a great nature-esque documentary with beautiful shots.
The rest of the supporting cast are equally great, especially Billy Bob Thornton as the James Carville-esque consultant.
 Even the snow scene conjures up "St. Louis"-esque visions.
As a direct result, only in her vocal abilities throughout the film does she truly excel; that rich Garland-esque bravado rocking the speakers with a powerful zest for the material she's been given.
 It's that Gilliam-esque mastery of the absurd; treat it as if it happens  every day.
 The 7  1/2 floor is almost &quot;Gilliam-esque&quot;- in fact, when I first saw  the preview I assumed it was Terry Gilliam's (Brazil, 12 Monkeys) newest  film.
The more Ozu-esque Maborosi is also worthwhile and beautifully shot, and Distance has a highly intriguing narrative, but if you only see one of Kore-Eda's films, do yourself a favor and buy or rent this one.
Her style is delightfully Woody Allen-esque, or maybe like one of Ed Burns' city-set indies.
What makes the movie so effective is the "Psycho"-esque score by Harry Manfredini and of course the memorable gore effects by Tom Savini which shocked the daylights out of people when it first came out yet they are still effective.
humming<p>  The violins set up a nice theremin-esque sound at the start of this one, with John Baggot providing backing on the keyboards.
humming<p>  The violins set up a nice theremin-esque sound at the start of this one, with John Baggot providing backing on the keyboards.
 I even enjoyed the Kyle MacLachlan-esque style of Andras Jones - then there was Ted Raimi, whom didn't almost fit within this film, but still made it fun to see him sweat.
 Even the snow scene conjures up "St. Louis"-esque visions.
As a direct result, only in her vocal abilities throughout the film does she truly excel; that rich Garland-esque bravado rocking the speakers with a powerful zest for the material she's been given.
I could have done without the bad humor or the Jurassic Park-esque baby Godzilla side story, but I kinda like this Godzilla.
When an important executive of the NASA-esque company where Hawke works is murdered, he becomes the prime suspect when an eyelash of his is identifed during the police investigation.
Granted, Gattaca certainly tries to be all things to all people - it sells itself variously as a Philip K. Dick-esque sci-fi, as a Tense Political Thriller, an Edgy Romance, even as a Rumination on Filial Love and Obligation - but in my book it fails badly on every count.
In a D.W. Griffith-esque silent film - a parody of "The Birth of a Nation" -- the new government hunts down "Dishonest Abe" Lincoln, who had been fleeing to Canada in the company of Harriet Tubman.
You've got an all star cast and a John Hughes-esque direction that can't be beat.
 From the aptly named Basil of Baker Street to the clever update on the Watson-esque character (Dr.
 But a dreadfully dull Tarzan-esque battle with the main villainess, unrealistic bullet dodging, and an anti-climactic airplane crash quickly rescind this action vehicle's license to thrill.
Hilarious stunts, ridiculous cheesy little Spielberg-esque asides (the drunk in the alley), horrible one-liners.
She has talent, but unfortunately is stuck with the films lamest lines. People criticize the films 'Matrix-esque' effects and stunts.
This movie contains a bit of everything: Coen-esque directing, which is always a pro, a witty screenplay, funny storyline, very well casted, etc.
<p>I guess 'Harold and Maude' plays on '60s-esque themes of turning maverick, challenging societal moulds, denouncing materialism.
Both of them still being ogres does nothing for the Hollywood-esque society.
 Although not a highly original or edgy film, it does goes well beyond the barriers of a typical Disney-esque movie.
 I will also state that there were some "Matrix-esque" signature CG moments that were done very well.
 It does have a dark 'Fargo-esque' quality to it (and I enjoyed the movie Fargo), but it is in no way funny.
 The acting is generally good with Cohen-esque strange characters.
the bumbling yet well-intentioned crooks in over their heads, the Preston Sturges-esque pace, the oddball yet strangely intellectual dialogue which only they can write in quite that way.
 The rest of the cast, especially Gary Cole, who comes very close to Eugene Levy-esque father-figure status, is superb.
 It is often overlooked and is a World War II-esque spin on the classic.
this movie is only good if ur looking for an old fashion slasher. its abit scream-esque but not as scary.
Wayne's Bligh-like Dunson and Clift's Fletcher Christian-esque Garth are terrific characters in large part because the leisurely pace of the film gives them time to grow and change, gives us the audience a real feel that weeks have passed and that Dunson's growing madness - and Garth's growing sense of authority - aren't just sudden movie plot devices, but real changes in personality brought into place through real conditions.
 Instead of the majestic and ambitious 2001-esque Star Trek: The Motion Picture, with it's so Roddenberry-esque tale of different life forms communicating, understanding and actually combining, we have big spaceships firing laser weapons at each other and plenty of boring running, jumping and falling down - if TMP had the ambition to take Kubrick as it's model, WOK settled for the considerably inferior Lucas.
Her craft is impeccable. It's too bad that the film falls short dramatically at times, often resorting to Disney-esque sentiment while it abandons the harsher realities of life in favor of a family friendly PG-13 rating.
Price&quot; (and he even grew a Vincent-esque mustache.
 It's that Gilliam-esque mastery of the absurd; treat it as if it happens  every day.
 The 7  1/2 floor is almost &quot;Gilliam-esque&quot;- in fact, when I first saw  the preview I assumed it was Terry Gilliam's (Brazil, 12 Monkeys) newest  film.
While the more intense persona isn't seen, he nails that playboy-esque side of 007 as well as the resourceful and knowledgeable side who can shoot his way through anything.
The annoying Disney-esque familiar to our villain, Rasputan, is an obnoxious little white bat (which channels Iago from Aladdin) who inexplicably moves from being a sinister and vindictive side-kick to an unwilling and disinterested participant to his master's evil scheme.
 It almost reminded me of the Japanese series Lone Wolf & Cub, especially the showdown in the Kurosawa-esque oppressive, sheeting rain.
But that's so strange, isn't it,...Tom Hanks in a mobster-esque role,.
The Isaac Asimov-esque robot, the massive flood, the large-scale destruction of the undercity, the masses of vehicles travelling outside, the huge interactive set-pieces - every visual element of this movie is absolutely stunning.
In the far future in a large New York-esque city, it seems workers are struggling with people called "Thinkers" who are like the bosses that makes plans and being a big corporation.
For the first hour this movie says nothing and goes nowhere except to a "Smallville"-esque high school where typical teen angst-ridden drama ensues complete with a soundtrack of popular "in" music only and reels of product placement.
 He spends approximately 80% of the film, making exaggerated "all work and no play..."-esque faces.
 TRAINING DAY is a film with no special effects, no colorful cinematography, and no Picasso-esque art direction - just a movie that slaps you upside the hide from start to finish, with two powerhouse performances that stay with you long after the closing credits.
 Its about the scenery, the cool acting, the cool action, etc.  Its not that the movie has any David Lynch-esque surreal plots, its just that once you understand what is going on (and the plot twists are a big part of the movie), you'll likely say a very noncomittal, "oh.
If not for the PG-13 rating, G.I. Joe-esque "laser bullets," and occasional moments of cheese and campiness, I'd probably be so bold as to consider this "quintessential" for action junkies.
 Stratham demonstrates his kick-boxing talents and makes mush out of anyone who crosses him.  But it's the suave, Bond-esque manner in which his character conducts his "business" that makes this a really cool flick.
 It's as though whoever wrote the dialogue is trying be as artfully artless, dull, terse and Hemingway-esque as possible, and instead  has created a completely dead, stultifying corpse of a movie, with some of the most cringe-inducing lines I've heard in years (and this from someone who goes out of his way to avoid movies with horrible dialogue, i.
If you like Tim Burtons work, you will appreciate the skewed perspectives, the painted sets, and the Edward Scissorhads-esque "Somnambulist".
With bold, "Pee-Wee's Playhouse"-like doors, Burton-esque buildings, and a dream-like town, director Robert Wiene (along with his set designer and cinematographer) was well beyond the 1900s.
 The same can be said for the cardboard-esque representation that we witnessed from Maud Adams.
As for the human cast, Brendan Fraser, here a hapless stunt man whose dad just happens to be a 007-esque spy star both in character and for real (played broadly, if briefly, by ex-Bond Timothy Dalton), is a little bland, and the normally witty Jenna Elfman is mostly eye candy as the studio exec.
It's also a good movie to watch and relax to late at night. It's along the lines of a Shyamalon-esque thriller/suspense film and I find that it always delivers when i watch it.
This film is as Burton-esque as BEETLEJUICE, EDWARD SCISSORHANDS and BATMAN RETURNS (and everything else that Burton has done).
Frankenstein. Shelley Duvall and Daniel Stern play his very Leave It To Beaver-esque parents.
God is referred to as a rather pathetic Hitler-esque character that says he loves, but he destroys and will destroy you as well unless you "say you love God".
 Look at the SPACE MARINE board and video games, and read past HEAVY METAL  issues and look for &quot;Alien-esque&quot; storylines ( where a bunch of  people are out destroying aliens &amp; bugs with cool weaponry ).
Director James Cameron takes us more into an action oriented Alien movie then the horror-esque type of the first film, and it's done extremely well, engrossing you (for the most part) from the first scene, to the very last.
 And yet he went with an off-the-wall sci-fi theme that Lucas struggles to make Indy-esque.
 Using the woodpecker as a morse code-esque symbol was a beautiful touch.
The setting of the film takes place in a Bukowski-esque world made up of call girls, gambling, horses, and all the anarchy one would expect.
the old jim halpert would NEVER do these!!<br /><br />i vote the "who done it" episode, "where they play that "clue-esque" board game to find out who the fictional murdererer was to distract everyone of what's really going on; which was inevidentily dunder mifflins demise, as the worst episode in season 6.
I can't believe I wasted 105 minutes of my life watching it.  I was expecting a Labrynth-esque type show based on reading the cover.
A thrilling "Silence of the Lambs" and "Se7en"-esque thriller that goes to the jugulear veins and never lets go, Danny Glover gives a great performance in the first movie and the film has an amazing ending.
 The Burroughs-esque world portrayed here by Cronenberg is dark and stark, providing the perfect ambience for this sinister story.
And holy crap, Madonna is in this picture and there isn't a single cover song or cameo-esque feel.
 This is not the shoddy Ted Turner-esque colorization of the 1980s, and the advance of technology in the interim decades certainly shows in a positive way.
This heightens Lucian's animosity toward his vampire rulers and ignites him to lead a SPARTACUS-esque Lycan revolt.
 Yes, it's a romantic comedy, but it's Hemingway-esque sad, with 90% of the emotion weeping beneath the surface.
Each of the performances is unforgettable in their own right.<br /><br />It is hard to "like" any Dickens-esque story because of its themes, and this is not different.
 In a Hemingway-esque turn, they all die in one way or another for a stupid wooden bridge.
Propelled by Matt Munro's Sinatra-esque rendition of the memorable title tune, this family-friendly nature film directed by James Hill was a must-see when it was originally released in 1966.
 Don't fool yourselves into thinking that anything Carpenter-esque is in this film.
Another "Interpreter"-esque drama about the plight of Africa and the West's role in exacerbating it.
 THis movie is very very funny,  fomr it's Blair Witch-esque opening (i know that this came out first) to is  Spedoinkle cast .
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
Forget &quot;Dances with Wolves.&quot;  Kevin Costner outdoes himself as an actor in this superb Capra-esque movie that is filled with magic rarely seen onscreen.
i can say various things about why i love this movie, but most importantly i think is the hitchcock-esque atmoshpere and the dark alien underworld alongside the innocent down to earth relationship between kyle's and laura's characters play a lot on how a person will view the film.
It's not as gritty of a film. It doesn't have the "noir" look that they had. Instead, it has a more David Fincher-esque style to it.
White -- are given greater re-invention than Supes -- who curiously has some jagged Clint Eastwood-esque cheekbones that look horribly out of place on his skin of steel.
The Bottom Line:<br /><br />Though the ending feels somewhat Twilight Zone-esque and doesn't measure up to the rest of the screenplay, this is by and large an exceptionally well-written and acted movie that hurtles through its 138 minute running length and hardly feels a bit dated.
I've always been a fan of this movie, the Rock.  Michael Bay catches a lot of flak about his Hollywood-esque action movies, but you can't find anyone that knows action better than him.
He's straight gangsta, yo.<br /><br />While the Rear Window-esque voyeur element is rather inspired, nothing else in the film really is.
2009.  The movie also shows how Harvey Milk was an important force in derailing the bigoted Joseph McCarthey-esque statewide Briggs Initiative, which would have required the firing of gay teachers and their supporters in the California Public Schools.
 THis movie is very very funny,  fomr it's Blair Witch-esque opening (i know that this came out first) to is  Spedoinkle cast .
I thought the picture quality was great despite some criticism here.<br /><br />The 1st disc has the traditional, Kafka-esque, post-modern genius that makes this one of the best sci-fi film ever.
The film offers the viewer a retro-esque future that mixes the past of the 40's, 50's, 60's and early 70's in one movie but in a brilliant kind of surreal and weird way that it's just scrumbcous like Ridley Scott's "Blade Runner" or Fritz Lang's "Metropolis".
Just in case anyone misses the point, there's a psuedo-Jan Hammer-esque rock insturmental playing during the scene where Kirk &amp; Co.
Featuring a cast of awesome wushu practitioners, this is a gem in the Jet Li line-up. And the Tai Chi-esque performance done at the end makes this a fun lineup.
 And don't get me started on those John Denver-esque songs, delivered in prompt ten-minute intervals--obviously meant to extend this into 90 minutes, they start as annoying and quickly devolve into teeth-grinding badness.
 GITS has spawned a Blade Runner-esque <a href="http://www.
 The excellent battle scenes and cool philip dick-esque plot make this purchase a must for those wanting any anime.
Plus, he had a really dodgy Steven Segal-esque ponytail.
 It didn't really feel like an adventure, as one might assume from her Indiana Jones-esque character.
 In lots of ways, the basic plot is pretty Giallo-esque.
the protagonists are regular people, every character matters, the killer's motivation is very giallo-esque (can't be completely specific w/o giving too much away) most everything proves to be connected, and the mandatory twist ending is more of a ludicrous sick joke than a grand revelation.
the really deranged puppet the killer has popping up at crucial moments, and the Samurai-esque costume he wears when on the attack.
Caligari, The Golem, Phantom of the Opera, etc.) and re-edited them into a single  narrative. It has a Monty Python-esque vibe running throughout; the story is at times a little hard to follow, and there are numerous asides that tie into the overall story.
THINGS TO DO IN DENVER WHEN YOU'RE DEAD does begin with somereally overt Tarantino-esque dialog and scene set up.
Also, catch Melissa Joan Hart the Dee Dees, a tempting pair of Harley Quinn-esque teen villains.
 While this wasn't as phenomenal as The Office, it did provide some great laughs, some Python-esque moments (we can all recite the words to "Bookshop" can't we?
Natalie Portman sports one of the best, most adorable Pageboy Bobs in the universe. Her amazing "young Uma Thurman-esque" face and voice and acting are amplified 100-fold by the hairstyle that she so unfortnuatly had for only this one movie.
Why would he cut an important keystone of the book's plot? Yet he decides to replace that with Cuban Missile Crisis-esque conflict down on Earth, which feels incredibly irrelevant in present year of 2004.
 You're not going to see some amazing James Cameron-esque special effects and lighting here.
 The acting is mostly laughable.  Richard Burton is downright Shatner-esque in his portrayal of a drunk ex-minister.
I just ordered this movie, and I can't wait to get it. It looks like a real horror movie, not just some stupid Scream-esque movie.
We open with shots of a lit up and pretty cityscape of LA with Gerswin-esque music playing a la Woody Allen's Manhattan.
<p>The film's plot centers around a Star Chamber-esque group and their new hit-man recruit, Remo Williams (Ward), who they set on the trail of a corrupt government contractor (Charles "Section Chief Blevins on the X-Files" Cioffi).
 "F*** it, I'm outta here!" he proclaims only to find himself running in and out of Scooby Doo-esque doors and encountering both chaos and madness.
I have to admit that I liked the epcot-esque city in which this story is based.
Things start to get violent, and we start to see a Matrix-esque scenario where folks get "plugged in" to this virtual world.
The way they setup the wife that kills everyone was not mysterious at all. The American audience was greeted by a Ring-esque setup where the faces of these characters are barely shown if at all for only a few quick seconds at a time; thus increasing the scare factor the way the sequences were filmed.
 In fact, the final fight scene in this movie is probably my favorite of any Chan-esque movie.
There are some very interesting Burton-esque alterations that update the elements of Alice's journey quite nicely.
I agree with everyone who says he stole the movie. I loved how he just camped it up, he was almost going quite Python-esque in some scenes, just with his little mannerisms and quirks.
From the opening credits clunky font and electro disco-esque soundtrack, to the all-important cherry red blood sputtering scenes.
 Hard to find, but worth it. :)  (My favourites are the _extremely_ catchy &quot;Cover Girl&quot;, the early-Beatles-esque &quot;She Won't Change Her Mind&quot; and the rather dark &quot;The Messenger&quot;, among others.
The episode seemed nothing but a poorly written work of fan fiction and some James Bond/Dr Who-esque conglomeration.
 But it's not HK, so you're not going to have Kung Fu and an overabundance of flying around and gymnast-esque moves.
When an important executive of the NASA-esque company where Hawke works is murdered, he becomes the prime suspect when an eyelash of his is identifed during the police investigation.
Granted, Gattaca certainly tries to be all things to all people - it sells itself variously as a Philip K. Dick-esque sci-fi, as a Tense Political Thriller, an Edgy Romance, even as a Rumination on Filial Love and Obligation - but in my book it fails badly on every count.
 I've occasionally had a hankering to trot out a Shakespear-esque play I wrote when I was 16, in which I play all the characters.
 The acting is uniformly excellent.  The dialogue is crisp (maybe not Whedon-esque with the clever banter, but still very good).
The film DAVE could be called "Capra-esque" to a point with its optimism and feel good ending.
Kevin Kline's performance brings to mind a Jimmy Stewart-type performance (hence the reference to Capra-esque and "Mr Smith.
 <p>The animation itself was good; I loved the manga-esque change in styles during fantasy scenes.
 He spends approximately 80% of the film, making exaggerated "all work and no play..."-esque faces.
 but there it is.  Probably didn't help that the host wasn't funny.  The hollywood-esque squirrelly jewish-type guy is so heavily over done since the penus in the pie movies.
There's some great, ummm, brainless slapstick, but there's also many Seinfeld-esque setups hatched throughout, always coming full-circle & paying big dividends.
And she's right. Shaun doesn't seem to notice the zombie-esque lifestyle he leads, the terrible routine of drinking at `The Winchester' pub (named after the rifle that gleams over the bar), the protecting of Ed's horrific behavior (ripping farts and calling women the "C" word while never maintaining a job of any kind), and, of course, his forgetfulness that she, Liz, is actually a part of his life.
 The film is quite funny with some Python-esque moments, but is also able to screetch to a halt to deliver a few scenes that might actually get you a little misty eyed(!
A beautiful stark film. An amazing story, almost Disney-esque about young heroines refusing to accept their fate.
Other than her appearance, the film is fairly engaging in a dark and understated Woody Allen-esque sort of way.
No excessive cursing or underlying sexual innuendos. Just silly, predictable, goofy Adam Sandler-esque humor.
The Bottom Line:<br /><br />The special effects are nifty and I guess the Chinatown-esque plot is kinda fun, but the gimmick ran stale for me after the first half hour and I wanted a bit more to fall back on than Hoskins' growling and Christopher Lloyd's scenery chewing; I can see why everyone else loves it, but I was not especially enthused.
David Lynch's take on Dune is nothing short of pretty darn good. It definitely gets weird (a.k.a. David Lynch-esque) in places, but overall the feel and tone of the movie are wonderful.
Simon becomes Rambo-esque "Seemone," and the gang discovers a castaway.
 You come to enjoy characters quickly, and unfortunately in many cases watch them fall.  The battles are very Gladiator-esque (for obvious reasons) but they take nothing away, merely enhancing the choas of all out war.
 ///// Dana: Hello, Peter. Peter Venkman: [whips around Melodramatically, and speaks in a soap opera-esque deep tone] Hello, Dana.
 You come to enjoy characters quickly, and unfortunately in many cases watch them fall.  The battles are very Gladiator-esque (for obvious reasons) but they take nothing away, merely enhancing the choas of all out war.
 You come to enjoy characters quickly, and unfortunately in many cases watch them fall.  The battles are very Gladiator-esque (for obvious reasons) but they take nothing away, merely enhancing the choas of all out war.
 And if so, what do you believe?" Dali-esque photography, such as a tarantula crawling across the lens of the camera, continues the Fellini theme.
Let's start (and maybe finish) with my first complaint. What's with that sappy, cigar addled Jimney Cricket-esque, nostalgia-obsessed - cliched beyond belief - narration that accompanies black and white shots from the past as boringly as any car commercial?
HOWEVER there is one thing that KILLED this movie, and it was the music. Strange Charlie Brown-esque songs would be playing during inappropriate dialogues.
This film is chocka block jampacked full of Spinal Tap-esque performances, spandex and profundities.
 With "Reloaded", what began as a single successful film becomes an updated "Star Wars"-esque trilogy, with a seemingly unbeatable first film, a middle piece, and a battle-filled climax.
 Look at the title and cover.  It is NOT meant to be a PBS-esque formal documentary of comparative religion.
Not to mention, there is a huge terminator-esque bio-weapon running around.
Her super solider-esque, Matrix-like fighting techniques was a treat to watch.
The only way this would have been more offensive and cliched is if they had some Vaudeville-esque performer in blackface tap-dancing and eating watermelon throughout the film.
They lost the meaning and it proved to be a typical Twilight Zone-esque horror movie without much intellectual content.
The Isaac Asimov-esque robot, the massive flood, the large-scale destruction of the undercity, the masses of vehicles travelling outside, the huge interactive set-pieces - every visual element of this movie is absolutely stunning.
In the far future in a large New York-esque city, it seems workers are struggling with people called "Thinkers" who are like the bosses that makes plans and being a big corporation.
The Isaac Asimov-esque robot, the massive flood, the large-scale destruction of the undercity, the masses of vehicles travelling outside, the huge interactive set-pieces - every visual element of this movie is absolutely stunning.
In the far future in a large New York-esque city, it seems workers are struggling with people called "Thinkers" who are like the bosses that makes plans and being a big corporation.
 Color also played an important role in the film--vivid comic book-esque scenes enhanced the edginess of the dark comedy.
He's also the film's narrator, and does several amusing Adaptation-esque tricks with the story's timeline, all the while delivering ingratiating "I know this is silly" asides to the audience.
 And for someone expecting to see a new Final Fantasy-esque storyline on the silver screen, my expectations were not met.
Lector look like a Sesame Street character. Bale's cold, charismatic, misogynist turn is riveting. His James Bondian-esque face changes to the devilish mask with the reptilian eyes so rapidly, that your blood would freeze.
Whereas Travis Bickle (DeNiro) had an almost innocent, Holden Caulfield-esque outlook on life and the drive to be a heroic figure that saves the world, Patrick Bateman sees the world as an extension of his "greed and disgust".
didn't want to cut it but he did and I felt it was a mistake.  I also feel the "Kill Bill"-esque type of storyline and killing one's parent and then warning their child about if they want to come at him for revenge was just too contrived.
didn't want to cut it but he did and I felt it was a mistake.  I also feel the "Kill Bill"-esque type of storyline and killing one's parent and then warning their child about if they want to come at him for revenge was just too contrived.
 While I heartily enjoy the Pixar films and many other 3D-esque animated features.
Weird little Chucky-esque dolls pound on drums (poorly animated) while he leaps around psychedelic tribal imagery for no apparent reason.
The production value is top notch. The special effects are really good and hold up really well even in our "matrix-esque" era.
A year after the couragous mutant team known as the X-Men, there has been a terrorist mutant attack made by Devil-esque mutant named Nightcrawler (Alan Cumming) in the White House.
the end thus far of said series.  It has a cliff hanger-esque ending in which the various plot points are only resolved in the disk's liner notes.
I thought the picture quality was great despite some criticism here.<br /><br />The 1st disc has the traditional, Kafka-esque, post-modern genius that makes this one of the best sci-fi film ever.
The film offers the viewer a retro-esque future that mixes the past of the 40's, 50's, 60's and early 70's in one movie but in a brilliant kind of surreal and weird way that it's just scrumbcous like Ridley Scott's "Blade Runner" or Fritz Lang's "Metropolis".
There are some clever Tarantino-esque time shifting editting techniques that add to the sense of a jigsaw puzzle of plot elements ultimately coming together to a cohesive ending, of sorts, that is satisfying and frustrating at the same time.
 I will agree with the others of the Hitchcock-esque, it's one of those movies where you should pay attention so as not to miss the most minute detail.
 This after his picture-esque Norman Rockwell-type family is uprooted by the kidnapping of his nine-year-old daughter.
He also has an intentional cameo later on in the movie. His brief performance isn't exactly Hitchcockian or Tarantino-esque, but I think he makes out okay.
 I felt that there wasn't enough "classic" Office material, like Jim-Dwight interactions, Michael Scott-esque failures, and not enough Kevin time (but lets be serious - is there ever enough Kevin time?
 Although the sub-plots can be a bit soap-opera-esque, the characters and the actors who play them have evolved enough now to form a hilarious ensemble that cannot seem to go wrong.
What it actually is, however, is a pretty funny Mr. Bean-esque romp through England.
Lacks the detecting and deliciously Poe-esque tone of Ritchie's first Sherlock.
 But even for Scorsese, a comedy entails a word processor's date with a nice girl turning into an infinitely Kafka-esque nightmare where one bad episode follows another.
McGinley). The stage is set, and the movie makes its Easy Rider-esque way through the West.
I gotta say this version of The Hulk is very memorable and beloved making tons of fans and does a nice Batman Begins-esque realism take on the Hulk mythology.
Things start to get violent, and we start to see a Matrix-esque scenario where folks get "plugged in" to this virtual world.
 GITS has spawned a Blade Runner-esque <a href="http://www.
 The excellent battle scenes and cool philip dick-esque plot make this purchase a must for those wanting any anime.
 But it's not HK, so you're not going to have Kung Fu and an overabundance of flying around and gymnast-esque moves.
As a fan of war-esque cinema, I have seen the greats: Saving Private Ryan, Band of Brothers, First Blood, etc.
This is a story of hitting rock bottom, then starting to make a recovery. There is no Jimmy Stewart-esque happy ending, just as that does not occur in real life.
It's a very Cronenberg-esque thriller with plenty of good stuff for everyone especially horror/Sci-fi fanatics and special effects junkies.
 The same types of fade outs are used and the ending was shocking but in a sixth sense -esque way.
There was some kickboxing thrown in there (a little turbo jam-esque) which was awesome.
This is not a boring documentary nor is it the Disney-esque fare that you seen in the trailer, however its not depressing by any means.
 There's love at first sight, a giant monster attack, protagonist Takeru tranforming into a Devilman-esque protector and all that jazz; but we also get the first clue that maybe cute alien girl -dubbed Hikari (meaning "light")- isn't what she appears to be.
This movie is a fun mix of various fairy tale references and the Zorre-esque Puss In Boots character from the Shrek films.
The plot itself was a bit silly and melodramatic and had a fairy-tale-esque quality, however, once you get past the ludicrous beginning, (the cattle stampede and the slaves running on all-fours), the film became entertaining.
 In what seems like a Kaufman-esque joke on his audience Carrey reverts back to his Ace Ventura form as a split personality, so misrepresented, so misdiagnosed that I wonder if the writers bothered to pick up a medical book in researching this.
 In what seems like a Kaufman-esque joke on his audience Carrey reverts back to his Ace Ventura form as a split personality, so misrepresented, so misdiagnosed that I wonder if the writers bothered to pick up a medical book in researching this.
This movie, and others are set in a romantic European-esque period about the turn of the last century.
its..."mature" aspects. No there's no sex but there's some small amounts of violence(don't worry, nothing Sleepy Hollow-esque here).
James Mason at his Nemo-esque best with Jack Cardiff thrown in for good measure.
 The songs are cute and Disney-esque, and Alice's adventures inspire all of the many imaginative people out in the world.
The first thing that is perhaps small but really bugs me is the Disney-esque style applied to the animation.
Robert Redford is also perfect as a  'wholesome', nave underdog champion (you can almost feel a JFK-esque aura  around him).
I love Lily Tomlin's Disney-esque dream sequence, the one that causes the most problems.
 The M. Night Shyamalan-esque twist reveals that Marie and the killer are one and the same.
...ok, well maybe not James Bond, but close enough. <p>In this movie, we get to see a James Bond-esque character played by Pierce Brosnan screw up a tailor in Panama's life.
 I had low expectations, thinking it was going to be a typical gross-out, Adam Sandler-esque comedy, with fart jokes and lots of T&A.
The first of these ballets, En Sol, is a Broadway musical-esque balletic scene of a day at the beach, with somewhat abstract scenery and costumes.
Okay, so the Epcot-esque finale is more fromage than homage, and is remniscent of the touchy-feely, ending of THE ABYSS.
 The Kafka-esque storyline is meant to be so outrageous as to be funny and if taken in that spirit many of the scenes are very entertaining indeed.
<p>I guess 'Harold and Maude' plays on '60s-esque themes of turning maverick, challenging societal moulds, denouncing materialism.
Unlike the so-so comic book-esque TOMBSTONE, WYATT EARP tells the real story and takes its time doing so.
 This duo evidently wanted to capture a somber Louis L'Amour-esque look on-screen (the costuming is a dead giveaway), as their tragic interpretation of Earp's life story often resembles an Old West version of "The Godfather," replacing mobsters with frontier cops.
 Returning to Missouri to study law under his grandfather (Giorgio E. Tripoli), a judge, he revives a Dante-esque romance with Urilla Sutherland (Annabeth Gish), marries her, loses her to typhoid within a year, and goes on a nine-month drunk that ends when he steals a horse and is bailed out by his father.
Bean-esque" non-dialogue (en francais plutot), and the general lack of plot.
Christopher Walken has a great time doing a parody of himself throughout the movie. He's hilarious as he does his Walken-esque soliloquies for everyone except the people that might actually have gotten a clue from his ramblings and figured out that this backwoods bad guy has more than one screw loose.
Forget &quot;Dances with Wolves.&quot;  Kevin Costner outdoes himself as an actor in this superb Capra-esque movie that is filled with magic rarely seen onscreen.
You may pleasantly be surprised. People that enjoy Corman-esque films may give this a higher rating yet I believe that it is trying excessively hard to be campy.
You may pleasantly be surprised. People that enjoy Corman-esque films may give this a higher rating yet I believe that it is trying excessively hard to be campy.
You may pleasantly be surprised. People that enjoy Corman-esque films may give this a higher rating yet I believe that it is trying excessively hard to be campy.
Sandler doesn't feel miscast, in fact he's quite good, despite some Sandler-esque bits (his dialogue during a rather strange love scene is very reminiscent of his other stuff) but I think his presence suggests this is going to be a low-brow humor geared to frat boys.
 Like others have said, Oliver Stone was the films flaw.  Had it been Tarantino-esque in it's directing, I think it would have had more appeal, and less of the headache flavor.
Both of them still being ogres does nothing for the Hollywood-esque society.
Daniel Tay as Doogal...ehh...nothing to write home about. Jimmy Fallon portrayed the laid-back, hippie-esque Dylan the Rabbit with ease, of course.
Do I want to see Cera be more like Vin Diesel? Of course not. Would we like to see Black be more Dinero-esque?
Black's weird/stoned facial gestures, Cera's  awkwardness, and Beavis and Butthead-esque jokes comprise the bulk of this movie's humor.
It's not bad, it's just okay.<br />Military intrigue, secret missions, mind-controlling, psychic hippy-esque<br />zen jedi super-warriors who can drop goats, burst apart clouds, pass through walls,<br />travel the world (telepathically) while lying in their beds or on the sofa,<br />and can even stun lowly hamsters in a single prolonged gaze!
The concept of the film itself is genius and has an H.P. Lovecraft-esque feel to it, the performances are just outstanding and the special effects still hold up in this digital age.
To me, the 1978-82 period of KISS is the most intriguing.  I like the diversity of the solo albums, the disco-esque "Dynasty," the hard rocking "Creatures of the Night.
To me, the 1978-82 period of KISS is the most intriguing.  I like the diversity of the solo albums, the disco-esque "Dynasty," the hard rocking "Creatures of the Night.
 And having seen both versions, I can assure you that the additional rainbow really brings out the Tim Burton-esque zaniness that the movie tries to achieve.
Her mannerisms, her clothing, and her speech were all impeccably Hepburn-esque.
Peter Miles is chillingly realistic as Davros' Nazi-esque aide Security Commander Nyder, and Michael Wisher does a wonderful Davros, totaly amoral and perfectly willing to destroy his own race to further his mad experiment.
The rest was just... too predictable. Killer leaves a clue, police arrive just in time to find a gory murder with Poe-esque flavor from one of his stories.
 Fairly disturbing as well though (Requium For a Dream-esque.
I think both are partially correct; the idea of the Rube Goldberg-esque supernatural death almost certainly came down to Final Destination through the original Omen, but the feel of the deaths here is very twenty-first century.
it's a crazy comedy that reaches for Adam Sandler-esque heights (think "Little Nicky" lite).
This movie is, in fact, hilarious. It's a pleasant blend of Anchorman-esque humor and Super Bad style punchy jokes.
Instead of adding to tension, these cuts into odd confessionals, jittery music video-esque blurbs, and photo negative images remove the viewer from the urgency of the scene, and make them too aware that they're watching movie.
 Madonna plays a scheming, Betty Davis-esque golddigger (surprise) who destroys men by oversexing them with her body!
It starts off with a Star Trek-esque opening and then starts explaining the basis of G-Saviour.
 Bruce Willis is wonderful as the Rambo-esque superguy who outwits, outplays, and outlasts the heavily-armed killers, and reveals just enough of his tender side to endear his character to the audience.
Well, it depends what you want.  If that is another cute fantasy film with Disney-esque animals and wise-cracking, snogging, contemporary teenagers ("Sorted!
 Like others have said, Oliver Stone was the films flaw.  Had it been Tarantino-esque in it's directing, I think it would have had more appeal, and less of the headache flavor.
 In the games, Liu Kang was always one of my least favorite characters, due to his overblown Bruce Lee-esque imitation, but this film removes that, preventing him from being annoying.
 Parts are very "Taming of the Shrew"-esque.
With its exquisite black-and-white shots of Monument Valley, assured acting, and Custer-esque storyline, "Apache" is an enduring Western winner.
 Its about the scenery, the cool acting, the cool action, etc.  Its not that the movie has any David Lynch-esque surreal plots, its just that once you understand what is going on (and the plot twists are a big part of the movie), you'll likely say a very noncomittal, "oh.
John Constanstine". It's a mix of H.P. Lovecraft-esque horror, fantasy and action combined with some dazzling special effects and an intriguing story, the main character is quite a complex and tragic hero that shows us the way to hell and heaven in this movie.
 If you're looking for a well-crafted Romero-esque film with biting and deep social commentary, this isn't your film.
You can tell the B-roll really did come from some sort of National Geographic-esque type production house because whenever they use it, there's a lot more grain than the rest of the movie.
 It turns out that it's run by a James Bond-esque supervillian intent on seizing the East Coast.
 The drowning scene is a real tear-jerker, but chainsawing  the union boss's desk in half is SO Neuman-esque.
A 5 star, and very powerful, Newman-esque scene.
Perhaps it's the PG rating, but I feel that the dark side of Montana--seamy, smoke-filled, Lolo-esque, where lost souls lurk in the shadows of drunkenness and addiction--is never fully realized (case-in-point: Paul, as well as Jessie's brother).
I'm not a fan of the CSI-esque shows.
Williams), the Robin Hood-esque vigilante who robs drug dealers.
I cried buckets at the end. All in all, I think the filmmakers did a good job. There were some painfully Disney-esque moments, but for the most part, the filmmakers practiced reasonable restraint and avoided the gagging-smarm-factor.
 Finally, though, the soap-opera-esque acting wins the day and at the end of the movie one can't be sure if Sarah's upset because Mama's died before she can make amends, or because she didn't think of asking Mahalia Jackson to sing at her own funeral.
Eventually, he settles his differences in a Fight Club-esque manner -- which is more ridiculous than it sounds -- in order to make way for some more subplots that make absolutely no sense and go nowhere.
evil), and comes out on top (he turns out good)! He is the quintessiantal human character, "Odyssey-esque" (as old Cock used to say), an everyman for today.
Skipped around to check, but yeah, the whole thing is littered with bootleg-esque and/or PAL-like conversion artifacts over *every moving image*.
This movie is an instant classic!!<br /><br />Instead of aiming for sitcom-esque jokes like most of his films, HTTYD has what all Pixar films have: a wide appeal.
Contrary to what some people are saying, I didn't feel like Hiccup was too witty and had 'a juno-esque feel' to him at all.
&quot;Evil Dead&quot; is indeed without question, the BEST zombie-esque movie since &quot;Night Of The Living Dead&quot;, and is a non-stop thrill ride at every turn!
 At least we have this sordid little flick as a kind of document of that long lost Mappelthorpe-esque era.
It's also a bit more movie-esque in the more bigger action scenes, making it a bit more dynamic.
 You'll see a remarkably Sean-Connery-esque "Triple-Oh-Eight," a comical comparison between the villainous "Galaxy" and Bond's Spectre, and a cigarette lighter meant to put 007's attache case in "From Russia to Love" to shame.
Those Rush guys sure have a wacky sense of humour. Some of the parts were quite Monty Python Terry Gilliam-esque, which is nice, especially the segueway from the Starman "whoa, sorry dude" to the man with the bowler hat from the Hemispheres album cover.
Those Rush guys sure have a wacky sense of humour. Some of the parts were quite Monty Python Terry Gilliam-esque, which is nice, especially the segueway from the Starman "whoa, sorry dude" to the man with the bowler hat from the Hemispheres album cover.
 The plot is pretty good.  Great action, although it does get a little Transformers-esque over the top a few times.
 It doesn't matter much these days what the topic surrounds, as long as there are long picture-esque images of Americana (or some other country), coupled with a tender moment, a blasting score, and sympathy towards anything - than the epic will reign supreme.
Sure, he has his share of American Pie-esque moments (an affair with his coach's wife rings a bell), but it's the bulk of the emotion of the film that falls on him.
 Its like the joke is lost on me because there hasn't been any Lewinsky-esque rumors about the current President.
We've got a crazy serial killer couple split up by a South Park-esque super villain who plans to turn everybody into zombies.
 Norman Reedus, the weaselly-villain-esque character had angry eyes and an obsession with power .
 But a dreadfully dull Tarzan-esque battle with the main villainess, unrealistic bullet dodging, and an anti-climactic airplane crash quickly rescind this action vehicle's license to thrill.
Hilarious stunts, ridiculous cheesy little Spielberg-esque asides (the drunk in the alley), horrible one-liners.
All in all, great for Bey/Bruckheimer-esque entertainment, but horrible in everything else.
 The M. Night Shyamalan-esque twist reveals that Marie and the killer are one and the same.
You also have the hilarious Looney Tunes-esque sound effects, intentionally "lame" humor, ironic use of disaster movie cliche's (weather anchor Patrick (Al Roker) even observes that the storm is "following an unusual pattern of hitting all of the worlds major landmarks first, and then spreading across the rest of the globe,") and an awesome soundtrack by Devo's Mark Mothersbaugh to give it the 80's retro-futuristic tone.
Throw in a disgruntled Jabba-esque Scotsman who knows just the wrong things to say, and a few especially nasty gross-out moments (Austin drinking an ersatz cup o&#8217; joe, and the infamous tent scene), and you have a little something for everybody!
But there's a decent amount of Adam Sandler-esque slapstick comedy bits to be entertaining.
Hayden Christensen portrays "Quinn" as a thinly veiled Bob Dylan-esque musician who tries to show Edie the shallowness of the Warhol Factory and ultimately becomes the thing that tears Edie and Warhol apart.
His Dada-esque soup can, Brillo Box "art" and his pretentious plotless 12-hour "movies" were considered very "avant-garde" as were the junkies, speedfreaks and assorted talentless poseurs at the Factory.
As far as Hayden Christensen is concerned who's playing the obvious Bob Dylan-esque character, he's likable since he seems to be the only sane one in the bunch.
 From the aptly named Basil of Baker Street to the clever update on the Watson-esque character (Dr.
 From the aptly named Basil of Baker Street to the clever update on the Watson-esque character (Dr.
 It's not cartoonish or Disney-esque at all, but it does do a very nice job of showing the benefits of having a healthy respect and appreciation for animals.
My bellydance group loves Amira. We're middle-aged, thick in the waist, and easily threatened by Fonda-esque-aerobic-teacher-style bellydance DVDs.
In the film, "reality" is shown via shaky handheld digital Dogma-esque camerawork, but the "fantasy" sequences use a color palette that makes them appear even more real than the "real" scenes.
the Powers That Be decided to create their own Gould-esque villains, rather than use the Gould-created Flattop, Shaky, Pruneface, etc.
I agree with everyone who says he stole the movie. I loved how he just camped it up, he was almost going quite Python-esque in some scenes, just with his little mannerisms and quirks.
How ya doin'?") is great.<br /><br />Then, you have the Tim Burton-esque "Halloween Spectacular of Spooky Doom," which is equal parts funny, scary and just plain cool.
 It doesn't matter much these days what the topic surrounds, as long as there are long picture-esque images of Americana (or some other country), coupled with a tender moment, a blasting score, and sympathy towards anything - than the epic will reign supreme.
And it wouldn't be a Star Wars-esque movie if it didn't have its comic relief, this time it comes in the guise of hapless wizard, Ergo.
Significantly, Edgerton and co. take a Coen-esque hyper-cinematic and slightly postmodern approach (though in a non-winking manner), reinforce the drama via delicious black humor, and even the sparse solo piano that often drives the score reminds of "Blood Simple"'s minimalist soundtrack.
 I don't find it romantic, European, 1930s-esque, racy, well-acted,.
Next up is the Spectre, which takes a different tone with a creepy film noir-esque vibe.
And holy crap, Madonna is in this picture and there isn't a single cover song or cameo-esque feel.
Then you have Matrix-esque scenes in a white room which try to ponder philosophical questions about sex, love and life.
 That he dips into a disgusting bit of Farrelly-esque humor is just a little sad to me.
The annoying Disney-esque familiar to our villain, Rasputan, is an obnoxious little white bat (which channels Iago from Aladdin) who inexplicably moves from being a sinister and vindictive side-kick to an unwilling and disinterested participant to his master's evil scheme.
Jimbob" in these pages) that this is a modern Kurosawa-esque film.
 This movie is very documentary-esque in the sense that it looks like its shot on film taped together from single frames, early neo-realism style.
It also seems a little pretentious at times, particularly towards the end when Jackman experiences a Buddha-esque transcendence.
 The songs are cute and Disney-esque, and Alice's adventures inspire all of the many imaginative people out in the world.
 He turned Jason into a zombie-esque figure that was more comical than menacing.
 The film isn't Austin-esque either.
At moments, it almost descends into a Mel Gibson-esque orgy of pain.
 The film isn't Austin-esque either.
But the ultimate booby prize goes to BARB WIRE. And what boobies! From the opening FLASHDANCE-esque strip club routine, in which millions of gallons of water are sprayed onto heroine Pamela Anderson's bared casabas, Barb Wire is a perky paean to the wonders of silicone.
The street sounds disappear and the only thing you hear is a repetitive, painfully sweet, tango-esque tune that saturates your imagination every time you think of her, every time you see her, every time she walks up and down that long and narrow flight of stone steps.
Strange but true. I also didn't like the Disney-esque change from the book.
 Yes, Glenn the wannabe-singer was/is talented.  However, he sings with that George Michael-esque voice that can be common.
It's a role that was made for him. This movie has some cheesy scenes that are quite 1980s-esque, but you'll probably enjoy them.
Kurt, in a  very Peter-Parker-esque maneuver, gets the entire contents of a  mega-computer's memory (and cognitive abilities) instantly downloaded into  his teenaged human brain during a rainstorm.
 In "Spice World," the girls take on a world tour with Bond-esque style.
What fun! Scrap the past 40 years of music development and go straight back into the good old jazz/Chicago-esque style.
 If you're a film fan, and genuinely enjoy horror (which doesn't rely on overdone special effects - think Blair Witch-esque - not in style, but in scaring the pants off of you without costing a fortune to make), rent this.
 The great disguises that were created for Val Kilmer's character and his techno gagetry add to the films "bond-esque" feel, while the romance with Elizabeth Shue's character is both engaging and central to the story, rather than an "eye candy" afterthought.
While the more intense persona isn't seen, he nails that playboy-esque side of 007 as well as the resourceful and knowledgeable side who can shoot his way through anything.
Behind Dawn O'Keefe's house, two Simpsons-esque power plant stacks rise, gushing out feathered, cotton candy smoke.
Much of the movie has a bit of a "Phone Booth"-esque feel to it.
The movie turns into a whodunnit of sorts, but without resorting to "Scream"-esque cliches.
There's Casey (Elijah Wood), the Steven King-esque nerd, Delilah (Jordana Brewster) the cheerleader/newspaper editor, Stan (Shawn Hatosy) the jock who wants to focus on his grades, Stokely (Clea DuVall) the goth, possibly a lesbian and the fountain of all knowledge on science fiction, Mary Beth (Laura Harris) the new girl from Atlanta, and Zeke (Josh Hartnett) the bad-boy who's the school's local drug dealer.
It has a 'Fellini-esque' quality to it.
This movie contains a bit of everything: Coen-esque directing, which is always a pro, a witty screenplay, funny storyline, very well casted, etc.
While I appreciate his Lewis Black-esque angry enthusiasm, there's nothing thought-provoking or original in here.
Any fool can guess what the outcome of this CINDERELLA-esque story will be.
His near silent performance steals every scene in a Chaplin / Keaton-esque way.
As it turns out, Sam, with Keaton-esque antics and eccentric nature, is just the housekeeper that Joon has been looking for, and they fall in love.
 The physical comedy and capturing that Keaton/Chaplin-esque style was fantastic and the same can be said with the brother and sister chemistry between Aidan Quinn and Mary Stuart Masterson.
This movie contains a bit of everything: Coen-esque directing, which is always a pro, a witty screenplay, funny storyline, very well casted, etc.
The script is very funny and well-written -- dialogues are a bit Kevin Smith-esque, but more genuine and less over-the-top.
<p>A lot of the comic force of the movie comes from this look into our habits, and the Garfield-esque slouch which has resulted from Dex having so many bad ones.
As you can imagine, the tension rises as everyone accuses everyone else of being an alien, and a Macarthy-esque hunt ensues.
This thing has a bizarre plotline, that leads our protagonist (a geeky-Jimmy Stewart-esque kinda guy) onto an island inhabited by his uncle Boris (rightly voiced by Boris Karloff) and an army of monsters that he created.
Unlike the so-so comic book-esque TOMBSTONE, WYATT EARP tells the real story and takes its time doing so.
 This duo evidently wanted to capture a somber Louis L'Amour-esque look on-screen (the costuming is a dead giveaway), as their tragic interpretation of Earp's life story often resembles an Old West version of "The Godfather," replacing mobsters with frontier cops.
 Returning to Missouri to study law under his grandfather (Giorgio E. Tripoli), a judge, he revives a Dante-esque romance with Urilla Sutherland (Annabeth Gish), marries her, loses her to typhoid within a year, and goes on a nine-month drunk that ends when he steals a horse and is bailed out by his father.
 If you miss payments, the company will "repo" your organs.  This all plays out in an opera-esque format with everyone dressed in psuedo-goth attire via a 17 year old emo girl who plays the lead role.
This time around we've got Steve Banning and Babe Jenson (Dick Foran and Wallace Ford), an Abbot-and-Costello-esque pair of archaeologists out to find the tomb of princess Ananka.
Generally entertaining, but a mixed bag. The script: at times hilarious, but then veers into obnoxious Coen-esque caricature.
Talk about a good horror movie.  This is not your typical hollywood movie folks.  No hollywood-esque chilling sounds here, just whispery quiet and it works big time!
 Levy, very Emma Stone-esque, is perfect as the wizened yet cynical protagonist.
A shame and a Waste of Talent pushing this "Left Behind"-esque Protestant Propaganda,Denzel could do way better.
COOL! Denzel as a post-apocalyptic wasteland Zatoichi-esque wanderer and Gary Oldman as his nemesis.
A shame and a Waste of Talent pushing this "Left Behind"-esque Protestant Propaganda,Denzel could do way better.
COOL! Denzel as a post-apocalyptic wasteland Zatoichi-esque wanderer and Gary Oldman as his nemesis.
Meryl Streep was excellent in her portrayal of the Anna Wintour-esque Mirande Priestley, but that alone doesn't make this film worth watching.
 Meryl Streep, of course, wins hands down as Cruella DeVille-esque Miranda as she obviously enjoys torturing those in the lower chain of command, yet she also shows a vulnerable side that makes you both respect and sympathize with her.
 The acting is goofy, the special effects are &quot;Clash of the Titans&quot;-esque, and Ash seems to get his shotgun out of nowhere after coming out of the pit; but, you love it anyway cause its funny and good for a viewing at anytime of the day or night.
 To show off contemporary versions (circa 1990) of Ray Harryhausen-esque stop-motion techniques:<p>The special effects, while dated in the face of CGI prodigiousness, are enormous and spectacular.
(I was amazed to find out that Horvath's goth-esque apprentice was the same actor who played the youngest of the three brothers in Prince of Persia -- Toby Kebbell.
Dan Dark, writer of noir, Raymond Chandler-esque Detective fiction is suffering from a severe skin condition that has made him virtually a prisoner in his own body.
 Opportunity presents itself in the person of Briney-esque Cora Corman (Haley Bennett, delightfully loopy), who wants a new song using a line provided by her favorite guru.
 We are guided through the process of design and creation of Tolkien-esque characters for the production of.
His near silent performance steals every scene in a Chaplin / Keaton-esque way.
This one does get off to a good start and the Rod Sterling-esque premise is interesting.
If not for the PG-13 rating, G.I. Joe-esque "laser bullets," and occasional moments of cheese and campiness, I'd probably be so bold as to consider this "quintessential" for action junkies.
 Stratham demonstrates his kick-boxing talents and makes mush out of anyone who crosses him.  But it's the suave, Bond-esque manner in which his character conducts his "business" that makes this a really cool flick.
 You come to enjoy characters quickly, and unfortunately in many cases watch them fall.  The battles are very Gladiator-esque (for obvious reasons) but they take nothing away, merely enhancing the choas of all out war.
 This DVD, showing the Cinderella-esque run that the Tampa Bay Lightning made on their road to Stanley Cup victory, shows just that.
Splendidly combining live-animal action with Jim Henson-esque animatronics, Noonan's irresistible "Babe" is a story about flouting convention and realizing one's potential.
 Since no one can meet her, this only fuels a Garbo-esque cult popularity.
 Since no one can meet her, this only fuels a Garbo-esque cult popularity.
If the 2012-esque sequence doesn't hook you, than the introduction to George and his ghost whispering abilities will.
Does June mean anything to you?." Very John Edwards-esque.
Once again,.this film is not for kids, or Steven Segal or Van Damme fans with 1/2 hour Springer time-slot-esque attention spans!
This movie is a fun mix of various fairy tale references and the Zorre-esque Puss In Boots character from the Shrek films.
The annoying Disney-esque familiar to our villain, Rasputan, is an obnoxious little white bat (which channels Iago from Aladdin) who inexplicably moves from being a sinister and vindictive side-kick to an unwilling and disinterested participant to his master's evil scheme.
I rented this movie fully expecting an hour and a half long crapfest, full of lo-grade troma/full moon-esque special effects, subpar acting and dumb storylines.
Jackson is certainly eye opening enough, but beyond it's exploitation-esque gloss, Black Snake Moan is a surprisingly heartfelt and even touching excursion from Hustle & Flow writer/director Craig Brewer.
I rented this movie fully expecting an hour and a half long crapfest, full of lo-grade troma/full moon-esque special effects, subpar acting and dumb storylines.
 <p>Spinning this tale of murder and corruption in a Nazi-esque England was pure genius -- Richard's murderous successes gain a momentum that is reminiscent of Hitler's and Stalin's respective power grabs, and we get a true sense of danger from Richard's ascension.
of his leg. Theres a Spinning Wheel of Spiky Things, a Scary Gantry of Danger, lots of bondage and weird John Norman-esque rants against women ruling in government.
The dialogue and instructions tend to be monotonous and very "talking point"-esque, in that they don't sound natural.
Sure it has some Jane Austen-esque subplots, but so many modern stories do and I, for one, never grow tired of them.
While far from profound, the film's acceptable Odyssy-esque story takes second chair to a wacked-out, 100% convincing vision of the future and the community of characters who inhabit the portions of it that the film concerns itself with, some of which was quite memorable;<p>A pirate thug named "Scummy", square zero-g pigs, a bar/diner set in a revolving hub ala 2001 to simulate gravity, self-defense mechanisms with apparent senses of humor, and an uproarious, innappropriately hilarious death machine monster that is right out of Red Dwarf.
 Furthermore, it seems as though the generally generic Cinderella-esque plot has been tweaked in such a way as to keep the tale entertaining.
The rest of the supporting cast are equally great, especially Billy Bob Thornton as the James Carville-esque consultant.
 But if you can handle that, and would like to see a mad scientist-esque character piecing together a new body out of hookers for his recently deceased fiance then this movie is well worth watching!
 well what is it then?  Hmm . . it's a strange mixture of a film.  For the most part the  film is a Warhol-esque depiction of a troubled artist (Fererra under the  pseudonym Jimmy Lane) descending into madness and paranoia, padded out with  art-lessly shot footage of drugged out punks and all set against a heavy  rock soundtrack.
 Make no mistake the revolting peasants were not a mass of Ghandi-esque passive resisters, and he'd already issued two calls for them to bring the revolt to a peaceful end before he finally endorsed the Princes taking control by force.
And to my parents credit; they never once did that Zoolander-esque mug at the camera like he does after he finishes whatever abortion of Louis C.
 Minelli can sing her ass off, there's no disputing that,  and her diva-esque Sally is an interesting interpretation.
 Madonna plays a scheming, Betty Davis-esque golddigger (surprise) who destroys men by oversexing them with her body!
The second half devolves into numerous Disney-esque plot contrivances, none of which I will go into because they might be spoilers to some.
"Cry_Wolf" is a film that calls back to the slasher films of the late 90's. In other words, it's a "Scream"-esque who-dunnit with a low body count (I think the lowest ever for a horror movie) and virtually no gore.
In fact, my brother is the bloke with the Cool for Cat-esque SQUEEZE tattoo you see in this documentary.
 Director Rick Rosenthal (who directed the latest Halloween: Resurrection) decided to go without most of the cat & mouse-esque Carpenter style suspense of the first film, opting instead to make the film much more graphic than the original.
Both of them still being ogres does nothing for the Hollywood-esque society.
As noted by many, there is a Frank Capra-esque quality about the proceedings.
Captivating storyline and performances, as always, by Day - and Lemmon brought his wit in full. Definitely Capra-esque, if you love Capra you'll love this flick.
 The visuals in the movie are very 1970s-esque - especially the lighting - which stays in perfect stride with the time period.
The concept of the film itself is genius and has an H.P. Lovecraft-esque feel to it, the performances are just outstanding and the special effects still hold up in this digital age.
More on this later...<br /><br />Jolie as Alexander's mother uses as bizarre Russian-esque accent that is terribly out of place with who Olympia actually was.
 The Kafka-esque storyline is meant to be so outrageous as to be funny and if taken in that spirit many of the scenes are very entertaining indeed.
Many parts of the movie make me laugh out loud. Especially the scenes with Oldman and his Newton-esque experiments.
The glorious nuances of their expression and delivery contrast very nicely with their Laurel and Hardy-esque interpretation of the two characters.
 Large explosions and violence countered with a sneaky Sneakers-esque style subplot overshadowed the plot.
It offers an insight into how a broadway show is put together while weaving in Marilyn-esque ora throughout the performances.
Most of the 'Stand By Me'-esque story is done fairly well, considering.
 It also has a definite <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000GW8UAE">Simon & Simon - Season One</a>-esque feel to it, being as it is the story of two unlikely and completely opposite partners and the more-than-it-seems adventure they find themselves falling into.
it's the first sequel since "Halloween II" to get "The Shape" right! Armed once again with a creepy William Shatner-esque mask (which is actually achieved through a combination of 5 different masks and some CGI effects), a lithe build and quick, methodical body movement, "The Shape" is looking and acting more like his old eerie/ghostly self than he has in years.
 This is not the shoddy Ted Turner-esque colorization of the 1980s, and the advance of technology in the interim decades certainly shows in a positive way.
To sort of cement it as a "girl's show" there are some very Disney-esque talking animals/animated-inanimate objects with the addition of Kowl, a weird creature that's some sort of cross between an owl, a flying squirrel and a box of crayons as well as Broom, Madame Razz's sidekick that is what it's name suggests.
Senator seeking the Presidential nomination on the heels of his McCarthy-esque tirades against communists in the government.
 The McCarthy-esque anticommunism of the Iselins brilliantly hides the fact that the conspiracy is more real than even the Iselins publically let on, as we see when we find the identity of Shaw's American operator.
 I really liked the characters of Cher and Josh and their sibling-esque rivalry that blossomed into love and a lot of the parallels with the book were funny, but this isn't one of my favorite movies or even adaptations.
Either way, you'll either be severely depressed or immensely amused by what transpires, from the Lifetime-esque opening credits to the painfully bad showdown in the end.
 The president (a Clinton-esque Bill Bullman) calls upon military services to fight these creatures.
Knockers, a Hooters-esque chain restaurant, announces it will open a franchise in Clark.
Very Tarantino-esque, but Duffy leaves Tarantino for dead.
I was more or less expecting a Tarantino-esque crime movie with some wierdass characters and lots of cursing, which is more or less what I got.
I would've preferred either a longer film with a more fleshed out progression of events, or a more Tarantino/Scorcese-esque approach giving the actors more time to indulge us with their characters peculiarities.
To start, Boondock Saints is blatently inspired by the Tarentino-esque style that has seemed to become popular among the indie crowd lately.
Boondock Saints is an odd movie, know that going in.  It has some Tarantino-esque violence and surreal humor.
In a Skywalker-esque plot twist at the end, the three team up to execute a mobster as he pleads innocent in the courtroom.
 And I'll take a good Tarantino-esque vibe anyday.
 The "Dutch" guy appears out of nowhere, and he's made out to be some sort of super-killer, Hannible Lector-esque character but the only thing really said about him was something like "they only use him when things get really bad.
 You will be yelling at the TV every time he tries to do anything clever or Mcguver-esque.
 I adore the mix of marzipan colors and MTV video-esque imagery, you really feel submerged in a teenager's world of gluttony and flirtation.
However, his Peter  Jackson-esque sense of humor does not fit in though.
 It is utterly and completely lacking of the fairy tale-esque brightness he usually brings to his films.
 Changing the style to match the elements and regions is an imaginative idea.<br /><br />The martial arts-esque moves that they do to control the elements are just plain cool!
 The two slowly become friends as the night passes; until two &quot;Home Alone&quot;-esque thieves attempt to rob the store.
 (You can immediately see the difference the moment Charles Previn's George Gerschwin-esque music kicks in).
Very Tarantino-esque, but Duffy leaves Tarantino for dead.
I was more or less expecting a Tarantino-esque crime movie with some wierdass characters and lots of cursing, which is more or less what I got.
I would've preferred either a longer film with a more fleshed out progression of events, or a more Tarantino/Scorcese-esque approach giving the actors more time to indulge us with their characters peculiarities.
To start, Boondock Saints is blatently inspired by the Tarentino-esque style that has seemed to become popular among the indie crowd lately.
Boondock Saints is an odd movie, know that going in.  It has some Tarantino-esque violence and surreal humor.
In a Skywalker-esque plot twist at the end, the three team up to execute a mobster as he pleads innocent in the courtroom.
 And I'll take a good Tarantino-esque vibe anyday.
 The "Dutch" guy appears out of nowhere, and he's made out to be some sort of super-killer, Hannible Lector-esque character but the only thing really said about him was something like "they only use him when things get really bad.
Herman Rosse famous for his set designs created the other-worldly-esque, gothic watchtower laboratory.
Many parts of the movie make me laugh out loud. Especially the scenes with Oldman and his Newton-esque experiments.
The glorious nuances of their expression and delivery contrast very nicely with their Laurel and Hardy-esque interpretation of the two characters.
The plot itself was a bit silly and melodramatic and had a fairy-tale-esque quality, however, once you get past the ludicrous beginning, (the cattle stampede and the slaves running on all-fours), the film became entertaining.
This fact turned off a large number of viewers who were looking for another Spiderman-esque kid-friendly film.
Most of the 'Stand By Me'-esque story is done fairly well, considering.
Although I may be ashamed to listen to them frequently, Seeley's Timberlake-esque vocals plus that typical pop sound are a good(if tired) combination.
 The DVDs are mindless, way over-acted, Barney-esque entertainment with very little education.
This particular movie is not Harry Potter. It is Harry Potter-esque.
Harry is a suitably stroppy teenager, in fact really stroppy, and the whole plot seems to be fairly "woe is me"-esque.
All in all, great for Bey/Bruckheimer-esque entertainment, but horrible in everything else.
 Although not a highly original or edgy film, it does goes well beyond the barriers of a typical Disney-esque movie.
so werewolves and vampires were out, Satanism in. So here we get a Wheatley-esque story of powerful people sucked into devil-worship grafted onto an old fashioned Dracula story.
The Ying-n-Yang of friends. They're similar in that Vaughn is that same kind of lounge-lizard-esque con man without a con, dimwitted with an air of ill-placed superiority and Favreau is his signature calm steady, studying fellow just trying to make it in the big bad voodoo world.
If you like Henry Jaglom films, which usually consist of Woody Allen-esque talking heads, you will enjoy this attempt to explore character in the guise of a large theatrical family.
 The story does measure up and the cheesy special effects only add to the fun.  It's a Monty Python-esque view of space and travel  in general with great commentary on our society and its peculiarities.
They outwit the zombie-esque populous at every turn in subtle and not so subtle ways.
 Even through the (once-again) EXTREMELY GI JOE-esque visuals, storytelling and soundtrack, this film uses powerful symbolism in the manner of Dali's "Le Sangre D'un Poete" and Orwell's "Animal Farm" to push us over the edge and into seeing what our (barely) free minds are up against.
From the Cher-fueled score, to the tongue-in-cheek performances, to the Tim Burton-esque dream-like oddity, to the emotionally touching ending, "Post Modern Prometheus" is a jewel among an already glistening array.
 <p>Leonardo Dicaprio plays Romeo as a misunderstood James Dean-esque rebel with a mysterious aura about him.
DiCaprio's very Shakespeare-in-the-Park-esque Romeo was rather disappointing.
Lukas Haas was not a good choice as the native pearl diver. His emaciated frame and dumbo-esque ears do not fit the bill for the role.
 Look at the SPACE MARINE board and video games, and read past HEAVY METAL  issues and look for &quot;Alien-esque&quot; storylines ( where a bunch of  people are out destroying aliens &amp; bugs with cool weaponry ).
Director James Cameron takes us more into an action oriented Alien movie then the horror-esque type of the first film, and it's done extremely well, engrossing you (for the most part) from the first scene, to the very last.
 Hearing the name Joss Whedon attached to the film, I had visions of Buffy-esque plot twists gone sci-fi.
Beautiful, "Parent Trap-esque" Movie!
Ironically, music from Danny Elfman also succeeds in giving this film that sort of superhero, Burton Batman-esque feel as well, which is a strange coincidence considering they were all made around the same period, but with vastly different reception.
His near silent performance steals every scene in a Chaplin / Keaton-esque way.
Javier Bardem steals the show here as a zombie-esque bad guy who kills people with a cattle gun as he stalks Josh Brolin who has Bardem's $2 million from a drug deal gone bad.
&quot;Evil Dead&quot; is indeed without question, the BEST zombie-esque movie since &quot;Night Of The Living Dead&quot;, and is a non-stop thrill ride at every turn!
 That's 100% good with me so right away I was expecting a Kubrick-esque film.
 Tim Robbins (playing a Bill Gates-esque character) spins a web as the BLACK WIDOW of silicon valley to entice, manipulate and force Ryan Phillipe's character to create the greatest communications network in the world.
"Days of the Future 1 & 2" is a 2-parter that is very "Terminator"-esque story about a futuristic mutant named Bishop who is sent back in time to stop an assassin from happening so he could change the future, "The Final Decision" has senator Kelly kidnapped by Magneto then rescued by the Sentinels only to find out that the master of Sentinels has plans on global dominion for they must be destroyed and that a peace treaty between mutants and humans might co-exist.
There's jumping rope, funky pilates moves and lots of cardio bursts/dance-esque moves full of energy.
 The dance will make more sense if you know.  I loved the dominatrix-esque costume.
If you are expecting &quot;Meggie-esque&quot; performances, you may be let down.
<p>Like I said in the beginning...very Quentin  Tarantino-esque!
nature and eventually discover the Andromeda Strain's weakness in a very H.G. Wells-esque realization.
While the more intense persona isn't seen, he nails that playboy-esque side of 007 as well as the resourceful and knowledgeable side who can shoot his way through anything.
 What wil happen?  Will life imitate art and will this relationship end in Tennessee Williams-esque frustration and tragedy?
Beautiful, "Parent Trap-esque" Movie!
 (You can immediately see the difference the moment Charles Previn's George Gerschwin-esque music kicks in).
 Dialogue, as always for Scorsese, is great with some of Nicholson's lines being Tarantino-esque.
 This movie tries too hard to be like other movies.  From the beginning long shot with Nicholson voice-over to the Joker-esque facial musings, Matt Damon sounding like he just stepped off the Good Will Hunting set, it was just kind of sad.
 There was also a little bit of Pulp Fiction-esque cinematography, especially in the beggining, which was done nicely.
a movie for adults (don't go into this expecting a simple, Barney-esque plot) that gives its viewers a childish glee.
However, it's not just for kids. When I watched this presentation again as an adult, I got a lot of the Capra-esque humor and insight I missed when I was thriteen to seventeen.
 I really liked the characters of Cher and Josh and their sibling-esque rivalry that blossomed into love and a lot of the parallels with the book were funny, but this isn't one of my favorite movies or even adaptations.
Though there is a love interest for Molly as well, a Morrissey-esque rock singer (Jesse Spencer) she meets at her birthday party, I wouldn't call this a romantic comedy either, as this fellow isn't the main focus of the film, and their relationship isn't exactly conventional.
Lector look like a Sesame Street character. Bale's cold, charismatic, misogynist turn is riveting. His James Bondian-esque face changes to the devilish mask with the reptilian eyes so rapidly, that your blood would freeze.
Whereas Travis Bickle (DeNiro) had an almost innocent, Holden Caulfield-esque outlook on life and the drive to be a heroic figure that saves the world, Patrick Bateman sees the world as an extension of his "greed and disgust".
But more importantly, his acting was tepid and his assumed accent was an abomination. It vacillated from Spanish-esque, French-esque, to Irish brogue, and sort of settled in the Irish range for the duration of the movie.
 Kinski is suitably virgin-esque and McDowell suitably slimy.
Her eyebrow were that exquisite Madonna-esque thickness, her lips in a permanent state of partial openness with full-on pout, her hair cut to that boyish cute, and her shoulder pads speaking volumes about her feminine authority.
This one features teleporting zombie-esque ghosts that can literally rip a person's brains out then eat a person but can be destroyed in an unusual way unlike the traditional bullet in the head which is interesting.
Though the movie ends with a more Spielberg-esque ending than the book, the conclusion still left me in tears.
For all of the people who mock Gregg Araki's dialogue, his poor, home-video-esque directing and his sloppy editing, I have one thing to say: you're all correct.
 What follows is a DaVinci Code-esque whirlwind of clues and revelations as the trio go from spot to spot finding the next clues.
 What follows is a DaVinci Code-esque whirlwind of clues and revelations as the trio go from spot to spot finding the next clues.
 Even if you don't like boxing, even if you're hoping for a ROCKY-esque film, you won't be disappointed in MILLION DOLLAR BABY.
With its exquisite black-and-white shots of Monument Valley, assured acting, and Custer-esque storyline, "Apache" is an enduring Western winner.
 <p>Danny Devito plays what may well have been his last truly funny role, made all the more hilarious because his Brando-esque character takes himself almost as seriously as DeVito takes himself these days.
 Even the snow scene conjures up "St. Louis"-esque visions.
As a direct result, only in her vocal abilities throughout the film does she truly excel; that rich Garland-esque bravado rocking the speakers with a powerful zest for the material she's been given.
These thugs end up destroying everything but their target, which is a bit Golgo 13-esque, only handled more humorously.
<p>Like I said in the beginning...very Quentin  Tarantino-esque!
However, what blew me away the most wasn't the fullness of the blockbuster-esque sound effects, but the subtlety of the dynamics and all the little noises.
If you like Henry Jaglom films, which usually consist of Woody Allen-esque talking heads, you will enjoy this attempt to explore character in the guise of a large theatrical family.
(Casablanca-esque)<br /><br />The "good German" in the modern film noir is the continually hunted Emil Brandt, whereas the good German of the older, East German film is the  haunted Hans Merten.
They lost the meaning and it proved to be a typical Twilight Zone-esque horror movie without much intellectual content.
 I'm not going to whine about how the end just didn't tie it all in together. I'm not going to complain about the MTV-esque version of &quot;Wise Up&quot; in the middle of the film.
 Because I knew of the multiple storylines, i expected something tarantino-esque with something that tied together neatly.
It's also a bit more movie-esque in the more bigger action scenes, making it a bit more dynamic.
Price&quot; (and he even grew a Vincent-esque mustache.
Colin makes you feel like you are part of the story rather than having a story told to you - almost a Howard Zinn-esque "People's History of the Zombie Apocalypse".
 The great disguises that were created for Val Kilmer's character and his techno gagetry add to the films "bond-esque" feel, while the romance with Elizabeth Shue's character is both engaging and central to the story, rather than an "eye candy" afterthought.
 I really liked the characters of Cher and Josh and their sibling-esque rivalry that blossomed into love and a lot of the parallels with the book were funny, but this isn't one of my favorite movies or even adaptations.
 while many contemporary films would like to paint new york city as this disney-land-esque fun town where all the women wear manolos and all the men remain one deal or one set from instant success, this film gives us an honest and bittersweet portrait of the realities of city life.
For the first hour this movie says nothing and goes nowhere except to a "Smallville"-esque high school where typical teen angst-ridden drama ensues complete with a soundtrack of popular "in" music only and reels of product placement.
This is a gorgeous fantasy epic with a hefty dose of Monty Python-esque comedy thrown in for good measure.
 The cast is pretty close to all star including Robin Williams, Uma Thurman as a Botticelli-esque Venus, John Neville and even Terry Gilliam himself.
It was highly enjoyable and scary enough for my taste in its B movie way. Some great John Carpenter-esque performances.
 Though Carpenter enlists certain elements that may be stereotypical, such as the Romero-esque zombies and the notion of all-encompassing evil attempting to over-take good, Carpenter adds his own unique twists.
Gilda gets wilder to test the limits of this bodyguard and pushes him to the brink. She performs a Latin-esque song/dance number "Amado Mio" that spells out her feelings.
This movie contains a bit of everything: Coen-esque directing, which is always a pro, a witty screenplay, funny storyline, very well casted, etc.
Somethings about this movie lack a lot and some might say its a Pulp Fiction-esque type movie and it is in its only little world.
There are some clever Tarantino-esque time shifting editting techniques that add to the sense of a jigsaw puzzle of plot elements ultimately coming together to a cohesive ending, of sorts, that is satisfying and frustrating at the same time.
 I will agree with the others of the Hitchcock-esque, it's one of those movies where you should pay attention so as not to miss the most minute detail.
A grave injustice to Garrison Keillor's quirky weekly broadcast and a typically Altman-esque waste of a great cast.
 As the director Joe Carnahan commented in the 'making of' featurettes, there is a Dante-esque feel that the two cops are descending further and further into Hell, and their facades become more and more stripped away, revealing Oak to be some sort of a madman.
There's a certain Fargo-esque quality, given the snowy Minnesota setting.
As it turns out, Sam, with Keaton-esque antics and eccentric nature, is just the housekeeper that Joon has been looking for, and they fall in love.
 The physical comedy and capturing that Keaton/Chaplin-esque style was fantastic and the same can be said with the brother and sister chemistry between Aidan Quinn and Mary Stuart Masterson.
 Nair could have pulled a Gandhi-esque moment for us by countering the horrible acting with beautiful images of India.
Ruggles.<br /><br />This movie is Capra-esque in that it addresses social ills for what they are, doesn't try to sugarcoat reality, but instead, shows what could happen when a positive person with the right mindset relizes injustice and decides to make a stand, all the while keeping one entertained with charming humor.
so werewolves and vampires were out, Satanism in. So here we get a Wheatley-esque story of powerful people sucked into devil-worship grafted onto an old fashioned Dracula story.
 Neither is it merely the postmodern fantasy of a director of the surreal.<p>Artificial Intelligence is a Siddartha-esque journey film, a story of a quest for identity and the meaning of life, and to a lesser degree, the documentary of some of the more important symbols of our cultural understanding of those questions.
 A very thought provoking, very dark, Kubrick-esque movie, and I commend Spielberg for pulling it off.
 Neeson is very convincing as a calm, collected, demolition man who knows all sorts of random, McGuyver-esque tricks and barely breaks a sweat as he chases cars on foot, takes out a dozen guys in a minute, and breaks all manners of bones and heads, while wrecking parts of Paris, to track down his daughter.
Most kid's movies are either too cutesy or try too hard to make them little J.D. Salinger-esque adults.
But as much as City of God will disturb you, it's hard to not feel Meirelles's Scorsese-esque talent radiate from the screen (there are more than a few parallels to Goodfellas here).
The music shifts to a Sousa-esque brass band version of the tune as the camera shifts to a huge gunboat rumbling along in Grant's wake.
She and Soul are pretty darn close), or obsessing over clothing that isn't her signature Underworld-esque cloak.
<p>The film's plot centers around a Star Chamber-esque group and their new hit-man recruit, Remo Williams (Ward), who they set on the trail of a corrupt government contractor (Charles "Section Chief Blevins on the X-Files" Cioffi).
(my least favorite part is easily the way that, when the vampires bite, their mouths extend to a ludicrous Steven Tyler-esque proportion.
It was his cunning and wisdom that defeated Dracula, not a rapid fire cross bow and Dresden Files-esque duster.
(my least favorite part is easily the way that, when the vampires bite, their mouths extend to a ludicrous Steven Tyler-esque proportion.
It was his cunning and wisdom that defeated Dracula, not a rapid fire cross bow and Dresden Files-esque duster.
 That's 100% good with me so right away I was expecting a Kubrick-esque film.
And there's my biggest complaint. Why do so many horror movies feel the need to use the I Know What You Did Last Summer-esque "look, there's gonna be a sequel" ending?
We get some Hollywood-esque sappiness creeping up on us from time to time, especially concerning the relationship between the writer ( Sebastian Koch ) and the actress ( Martina Gedeck ).
 He soon abondons his Kafka-esque existence and stops going to work, dumps his nagging b**tch of a girlfriend, and gets the courage to ask out a disgruntled waitress (Aniston).
Featuring a cast of awesome wushu practitioners, this is a gem in the Jet Li line-up. And the Tai Chi-esque performance done at the end makes this a fun lineup.
 "Crouching Tiger" surprised many people with it's "Disney-esque" or "Wizard Of Oz" fantasy plot and visuals, but "Hero" defines the understanding of the secret developments of real warriors.
The standout is little Abigail Breslin as young Olive, who has a Dakota Fanning-esque acting talent which really makes the film.
 The whole pageant atmosphere was Fellini-esque and completely cringe-inducing.
 Everyone gives absolutely wonderful performances.  Greg Kinnear is especially pitch perfect as the "Tony Robbins-esque" motivational speaking Dad trying to land a big deal.
Absolute eye candy for sure. Plus he gets points for twisting such a traditional genre, what with that whole fairy tale-esque thing and all.
Lukas Haas was not a good choice as the native pearl diver. His emaciated frame and dumbo-esque ears do not fit the bill for the role.
The girl grows up to be a stripper, played blandly by a Lolita-esque Jessica Alba.
The characters ramble on in moments of deep thought, revealing what makes them tick. It's filled to the brim with Arnold-esque one-liners.
There's also a lot of Tarantino-esque recursion in the plot line (not to mention that the character of Miho is straight out the Crazy-88 in _Kill Bill_, and so are her weapons), reminiscent of _Pulp Fiction_: The beginning isn't necessarily the beginning, nor is the end the end.
The "special-effects" graphics and video manipulation delivering cartoon-esque visual cinema has been done ad nauseum--"Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid", "Roger Rabbitt", "Forrest Gump", "Gladiator", are all better examples of like talents used to better results.
The girl grows up to be a stripper, played blandly by a Lolita-esque Jessica Alba.
towards the end, Paul Kemp (Johnny Depp) displays a little of the Hunter S. Thompson-esque behavior that so many enjoyed in Fear and Loathing.
One noteworthy feature is Kidman's foot stamping, spoiled child performance, which culminates in a toddler-esque rant to the fiance she abandoned about how nothing is her fault.
Striving too hard for an "artsy" vibe, the movie's flow is interrupted by awkward pauses, soap opera-esque zooming on characters' staring expressions and a very odd final sequence.
In a Harlan Ellison-esque twist, the Cylons turned on their creators and tried destroy them.
In a Harlan Ellison-esque twist, the Cylons turned on their creators and tried destroy them.
 Instead of Greco-Egyptian-themed space opera, the new series is an America-esque gritty, dark spaceborne Navy technothriller-type docudrama, where the uniforms look like uniforms rather than pajamas, the cameras recording it all actually exist (a piece of debris from a destroyed space station sends it spinning in the opening) and the old Colonial warriors' names have become fighter pilot call signs ("starbucking" seems to be slang for drunk & disorderly conduct, and Boomer's landings are so loud and bad you can hear them down in the hangar bay even through hard vacuum).
This film is as Burton-esque as BEETLEJUICE, EDWARD SCISSORHANDS and BATMAN RETURNS (and everything else that Burton has done).
Frankenstein. Shelley Duvall and Daniel Stern play his very Leave It To Beaver-esque parents.
 It also has a definite <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000GW8UAE">Simon & Simon - Season One</a>-esque feel to it, being as it is the story of two unlikely and completely opposite partners and the more-than-it-seems adventure they find themselves falling into.
 The first story is about a cigar store wooden Indian that comes to life for some Charles Bronson-esque revenge when some hoodlums rob the general store and kill the owner, played by George Kennedy("Be sure.
There's also plenty of variety to be had, with the magical fancy of "Interior Design", godzilla-esque destruction in "Merde" and the quirky humor of "Shaking Tokyo".
This strikes me as more of a cult hit than something that will be widely accepted. A semi-modern noire/graphic novel-esque movie, it definitely is in a category of its own.
This strikes me as more of a cult hit than something that will be widely accepted. A semi-modern noire/graphic novel-esque movie, it definitely is in a category of its own.
 xXx uses a plethora of James Bond-esque type gadgets and excellorates them using X-Treme sports.
 xXx uses a plethora of James Bond-esque type gadgets and excellorates them using X-Treme sports.
Kiefer Sutherland as Jack Bauer plays a great vigilante-esque government agent and Sarah Clarke as Nina Myers is a great complement to his character, as the two try to balance out right and wrong in their morally gray world.
 Shades of a Clancy-esque style.
 The mixture of british humor and Apatow-esque improv is balanced perfectly, and Nicholas Stoller's directing style is finally established in this quick, yet visceral comedy.
The conclusion seems almost sit-com-esque in a sudden reconciliation of several relationships, which seems a disservice to the characters.
If Depp's lethargic, dumbed-down Flynn-esque caricaturization increasingly amount to a dull train wreck then, in Dark Shadows, we witness the actor's de-evolving slide into Bela Lugosi drag, which sounds more interesting than it actually is.
Instead I was disappointed to find an Indianna Jones-esque adventure.
But as much as City of God will disturb you, it's hard to not feel Meirelles's Scorsese-esque talent radiate from the screen (there are more than a few parallels to Goodfellas here).
 Why does the film become detrimentally Disney-esque in Scottie's risible nightmare sequence?
It has a lot of sorround effects specially in the beggining with the  'Matrix'-esque "girl with bomb explodes" sequence.
Cross a boilerplate international secret-agent yarn with a whodunnit, or rather a whoisit, mix in some Rocky-esque training sequences and top it off with a documentary on the wierd because-it's-there mountain-climbing culture, and you have "The Eiger Sanction.
Natalie Portman sports one of the best, most adorable Pageboy Bobs in the universe. Her amazing "young Uma Thurman-esque" face and voice and acting are amplified 100-fold by the hairstyle that she so unfortnuatly had for only this one movie.
This movie contains a bit of everything: Coen-esque directing, which is always a pro, a witty screenplay, funny storyline, very well casted, etc.
As for the film itself - by now, everyone knows that it's a Campbell-esque &quot;hero's journey&quot; dressed up as a gothic horror/suspense yarn.
His near silent performance steals every scene in a Chaplin / Keaton-esque way.
The annoying Disney-esque familiar to our villain, Rasputan, is an obnoxious little white bat (which channels Iago from Aladdin) who inexplicably moves from being a sinister and vindictive side-kick to an unwilling and disinterested participant to his master's evil scheme.
His near silent performance steals every scene in a Chaplin / Keaton-esque way.
Simon Zealotes is a Rambo-esque character and comes complete with machine guns and bandoleers.
Don't let the mild mannered Beatles' album-esque cover of this movie fool you.
 I will also state that there were some "Matrix-esque" signature CG moments that were done very well.
This movie gives us a very David Lyncian-esque look at Suburban life in the late 50's with a nice score by Jonathan Elias and Angelo Balantomi (Blue Velvet and City of Lost Children) and very well acted.
 Peter Vincent(the biggest change in character in the remake) is no longer an older, washed up, Hammer-esque horror movie star with a cheap late night horror show, but now a Chris Angel inspired Vegas magician whose show revolves around the occult and especially gothic vampire imagery.
She becomes high-class bait, caught between David Brian's semi-legit megalomaniac and pretty-boy Steve Cochran's Bugsy-esque mobster.
I don't expect the most intricate music in a musical comedy, but the tunes sound like cookie-cutter Simpsons-esque paradies of musical music.
As far as urban Frankenstein-esque movies go, Indestructible Man isn't that bad; the decision to have Chaney utter no lines whatsoever after his execution and resurrection seems like a wise move, but then you think about how many additional lines this threw Max Showalter's way.
What can I say? It's BORING! I'm not a huge fan of Tom Hanks, especially with this mullet-esque hair (it's ok to hate me), but I love Iam McCellan and Jean Reno, but these great actors just couldn't save this movie.
Some seem to find this grating, but I'm a major fan of this technique. Slow motion lends a battle that classic Peckinpah-esque gritty brutality, and it's used to spectacular effect in "Watchmen".
Manhattan (Billy Crudup) who is a god-like Superman-esque blue skinned being with unique powers, sexy Silk Spectre (Malin Akerman) and very smart and brilliant crimefighter NightOwl (Patrick Wilson) all join together to try to solve the mystery of the Comedian's death.
Manhattan is the god-like power; Rorschach is the Batman-esque thirst to avenge crime; Night Owl II is a bored rich kid; Silk Spectre II is obliged, etc.
The few moments that were supposed to be funny, weren't. A Jerry Springer-esque talk show moment made it that much worse.
Manhattan (Billy Crudup) who is a Superman-esque immortal god of powers, blank masked avenger Roschach (Jackie Earl Haley), sexy buttkicker Silk Spectre (Malin Akerman) and intelligent Batman-esque Nightowl (Patrick Wilson) are together trying to untangle the mystery of who killed Comedian.
 Instead of the majestic and ambitious 2001-esque Star Trek: The Motion Picture, with it's so Roddenberry-esque tale of different life forms communicating, understanding and actually combining, we have big spaceships firing laser weapons at each other and plenty of boring running, jumping and falling down - if TMP had the ambition to take Kubrick as it's model, WOK settled for the considerably inferior Lucas.
I like Mr. Quaid. I think that his often-exasperated mannerisms are enjoyable, almost Jack Nicholson-esque at times.
As he struggles against giving the order for a My Lai-esque massacre of an unarmed Turkish convoy, Lawrence's face [animated by the incomparable acting of Peter O'Toole] all but says: "Now could I drink hot blood!
This film is as Burton-esque as BEETLEJUICE, EDWARD SCISSORHANDS and BATMAN RETURNS (and everything else that Burton has done).
Frankenstein. Shelley Duvall and Daniel Stern play his very Leave It To Beaver-esque parents.
Another is the attempt to have a Crash/Magnolia-esque intersecting storylines as part of the set-up to make things interesting and it made me care about the characters before their inevitable deaths.
this isn't an alien film so don't expect to be rewarded by classic alien-esque suspense.
Another is the attempt to have a Crash/Magnolia-esque intersecting storylines as part of the set-up to make things interesting and it made me care about the characters before their inevitable deaths.
this isn't an alien film so don't expect to be rewarded by classic alien-esque suspense.
This film is as Burton-esque as BEETLEJUICE, EDWARD SCISSORHANDS and BATMAN RETURNS (and everything else that Burton has done).
Frankenstein. Shelley Duvall and Daniel Stern play his very Leave It To Beaver-esque parents.
 Written and delivered with a humor and timing that should appeal to Western audiences and filmed in a somewhat Altman-esque fashion, it's a really refreshing departure from the historical costume melodramas that leave you wiped out and wondering if the mainland is capable of productions as contemporary and uplifting as they often are well-crafted and dour.
 The Kill-Bill-esque animated scene is neat but still not needed.
From outer space, a space experiment involving Slug-esque creatures has been launched to Earth in the year 1959.
Stefan, David and Rachel are Mossad agents tasked to capture the Mengele-esque "Surgeon of Birkenau," a Dr.
Rifftrax [...] announced that on 2/19/2007 they will release the "Mystery science theater 3000-esque" commentary track for this "classic".
Stefan, David and Rachel are Mossad agents tasked to capture the Mengele-esque "Surgeon of Birkenau," a Dr.
I enjoyed it, but the people I watched it with did not.  The pacing and subtlety are almost Ozu-esque, and can require more patience than many people are willing to give to a modern film.
 I even said "ooh" and "ahh" at some of it.  Oh, those gorgeous color-washed walls and halls! Gorgeous Bava-esque color-drenched scenes!
As for Pierce Brosnan, well this is #3 for him so he's still as suave and Bond-esque with the action hero coming into play whenever he needs to.
Connery-esque!
so werewolves and vampires were out, Satanism in. So here we get a Wheatley-esque story of powerful people sucked into devil-worship grafted onto an old fashioned Dracula story.
 What wil happen?  Will life imitate art and will this relationship end in Tennessee Williams-esque frustration and tragedy?
 You'll see a remarkably Sean-Connery-esque "Triple-Oh-Eight," a comical comparison between the villainous "Galaxy" and Bond's Spectre, and a cigarette lighter meant to put 007's attache case in "From Russia to Love" to shame.
I especially enjoy his voice, which despite relying a bit heavily on a stereotypical Chappelle-esque crack tone, still utilizes the colourful mumbles and lazy eloquence that have served Def well as an MC.
16 Blocks is a relatively predictable 48 Hours-esque picture, but it kept me glued for the full length of the film.
 Or maybe it's the Percy-esque element of his films.
 If you are a fan of ELO, you must have this DVD in your collection.  The new stuff is just as fresh and ELO-esque as the stuff of 15-18 years ago.
 If you are a fan of ELO, you must have this DVD in your collection.  The new stuff is just as fresh and ELO-esque as the stuff of 15-18 years ago.
Well, except for Liam, of course, who can even recite a poem his dad wrote, something Hemingway-esque, nihilistic and macho.
First, there was the demon-esque vampire makeup.
 He has zero, and I mean no chemistry with the barbie-esque Christie, who only needs a gingham dress to remind me of one of the gals from Petticoat Junction.
 Me so witty!).  It never proposes to offer more than Loony Toons-esque humor (with some decidedly adult twists).
 I don't find it romantic, European, 1930s-esque, racy, well-acted,.
The documentary-esque realism is very much alive in this film and I have to say that Liman is an excellent director.
This fact turned off a large number of viewers who were looking for another Spiderman-esque kid-friendly film.
 I was hoping for a horror movie with a twist and what I got instead was a 1.5 hour, Buffy-esque type story reminiscent of season 4 with the government run "Initiative.
Because of this air of secrecy, I went into the movie thinking it would probably feature an M Night-esque twist and ultimately get filed under "Things Rod Serling Did Better" (although I knew the dialogue and characterization would be better than Shyamalan's because of Joss Whedon's involvement).
This fact turned off a large number of viewers who were looking for another Spiderman-esque kid-friendly film.
 Its like the joke is lost on me because there hasn't been any Lewinsky-esque rumors about the current President.
You may pleasantly be surprised. People that enjoy Corman-esque films may give this a higher rating yet I believe that it is trying excessively hard to be campy.
Ruggles.<br /><br />This movie is Capra-esque in that it addresses social ills for what they are, doesn't try to sugarcoat reality, but instead, shows what could happen when a positive person with the right mindset relizes injustice and decides to make a stand, all the while keeping one entertained with charming humor.
While one might expect a Shatner-esque, over-the-top performance from Carrey, to which we've become accustomed in his comedic work, we are instead given a performance that is both subtle and remarkably powerful.
What do our memories look like if shown as a movie? Dali-esque, if Gondry is to be believed, complete with melting faces.
 Why? Predictability.  Design is always the same.  Stick figure-esque, almost surreal imagery is in every flick.
 Assuming you can see though its typically  Burton-esque fog of gloom, you will find some good actors struggling  within.
Kathleen Turner does a great job  portraying Beverly Sutphin, a June Cleaver-esque, devoted happy homemaker  who doesn't even allow gum in her house, but has a short fuse and keeps a  secret scrapbook (I wonder if it was from Waters personal collection) of  clippings about serial killers.
 In a Hemingway-esque turn, they all die in one way or another for a stupid wooden bridge.
 Panned by most critics, I actually found this film to be extremely witty with a Wes Anderson-esque type of dry martini humor.
 He soon abondons his Kafka-esque existence and stops going to work, dumps his nagging b**tch of a girlfriend, and gets the courage to ask out a disgruntled waitress (Aniston).
Playing the Keanu-esque foil to McConaughey's Swayze, Christian Bale returns every hardened stare, lets no machismo go unanswered, no muscle flex go un-flexed back at, and he'll be damned if he puts a shirt on either.
Huh? While this film is touted as a Hitchcock-esque mystery, I'm thinking more like Kafka.
 Since the whole thing is a surreal Kafka-esque exploration, the question is really rendered moot just by the genre.
The suspense was incredible, the camera work was great (with several Hitchcock-esque shots added in the mix), the plot was nicely twisted.
 That neither Bridges nor Robbins are Superstar Icons with Tom Cruise-like looks or Schwarzenegger-esque muscles makes the film all the more believable.
Everything about the film, from its graffiti-esque box font to its DJ Shadow soundtrack to Singer's horrendous diction, for which subtitles should have been used a good portion of the time, leads me to this conclusion.
The plot while somewhat predictably martial arts-esque keeps you interested as you grow vested into the characters.
With modern westerns becoming more and more watered down into Michael Bay-esque shoot-out snoozefests, it's hard to find that progressive story line that used to be commonplace in the true westerns of the 50's, 60's and 70's.
His Chaplin-esque gestures and facial expressions speak volumes.
 His Chaplin-esque gestures and facial expressions speak volumes.
 Hilarious!  Lorna Luft plays a Marilyn Monroe-esque Pink Lady and gets to sing her one  solo line in this scene.
This film is as Burton-esque as BEETLEJUICE, EDWARD SCISSORHANDS and BATMAN RETURNS (and everything else that Burton has done).
Frankenstein. Shelley Duvall and Daniel Stern play his very Leave It To Beaver-esque parents.
Sometimes this film looks very Disney-esque or something out of a 60's "Wild Kingdom" episode and the narrative style complete with accompanying music will look and sound very hokey to many.
A young girl who's dream of working for the Ocean Academy (a prestigious neo-coast guard-esque company) was shattered when she realized that even with passing the entrance exam with flying colors, she had not been accepted.
Despite Hector Elizondo's caricature performance as a Columbo-esque detective and the fact that the film celebrates being shallow as much as it condemns such behavior, it scores some hits, not the least of which is the breezy opening song by Blondie.
If you are expecting &quot;Meggie-esque&quot; performances, you may be let down.
 However, this is a film struggling to find itself.  It shows us a gritty, Sin-City-esque exterior with all the flair of its predecessors, yet manages to go like a bat out of hell in the other direction.
John Constanstine". It's a mix of H.P. Lovecraft-esque horror, fantasy and action combined with some dazzling special effects and an intriguing story, the main character is quite a complex and tragic hero that shows us the way to hell and heaven in this movie.
The standout is little Abigail Breslin as young Olive, who has a Dakota Fanning-esque acting talent which really makes the film.
 The whole pageant atmosphere was Fellini-esque and completely cringe-inducing.
 Everyone gives absolutely wonderful performances.  Greg Kinnear is especially pitch perfect as the "Tony Robbins-esque" motivational speaking Dad trying to land a big deal.
As for the film itself - by now, everyone knows that it's a Campbell-esque &quot;hero's journey&quot; dressed up as a gothic horror/suspense yarn.
Woody Allen has never made a secret of Ingmar Bergman's influence on his work.  VICKY CRISTINA BARCELONA is very Bergman-esque, but it also somehow remains distinctly Woody Allen.
 You bet!  What made the Max Payne video game so good was its noir-ish undertones, graphic novel-esque presentation, and blood-pumping moments of action.
 You bet!  What made the Max Payne video game so good was its noir-ish undertones, graphic novel-esque presentation, and blood-pumping moments of action.
 You bet!  What made the Max Payne video game so good was its noir-ish undertones, graphic novel-esque presentation, and blood-pumping moments of action.
But at least this film has some good shootouts which lets this film just barely avoid sucking. I also liked the noir-esque feeling of the film that tried to feel somewhat like the cinematic masterpiece Sin City.
Rent before you buy.<br />THE GOOD: Most of the action scenes, some nice CGI-effects and a noir-esque feeling, and the music.
This film is genuinely unpredictable, thanks in large part to a literate, Pinter-esque script, the fact that the action is character-generated, and three generations of great UK actors are on hand to deliver the crowning glory of the film, its performances, I've saved the best for last:<br />Terence Stamp, in his return to the big screen after a lengthy absence, gives his greatest performance, better even than the much-vaunted "The Limey," as the smiling martyr.
 The cinematography and editing is first-rate, a real feast for the eyes, and I enjoyed the Ella-esque mid-century Jazz score.
While some dramatic license was taken with the storyline, &quot;Joseph&quot; thankfully eschews Disney-esque asides, superflous fantasy characters or expanded romantic angles (Joseph's love and marriage to Asenath is simply part of the story).
It could be the soundtrack that recalls AMERICAN GRAFFITI. It could be director Paul Thomas Anderson's Scorcese-esque approach to the filming.
 Madonna plays a scheming, Betty Davis-esque golddigger (surprise) who destroys men by oversexing them with her body!
 Why? Predictability.  Design is always the same.  Stick figure-esque, almost surreal imagery is in every flick.
 Assuming you can see though its typically  Burton-esque fog of gloom, you will find some good actors struggling  within.
Didn't really make much sense to stupid me. <p>Don't go into this expecting a great, Armageddon-esque film.
 Be that as it may, I do have to say that "Tron: Legacy" doesn't do Matrix-esque things as well as "The Matrix" did them, particularly in regard to the periodic philosophical tangents.
It is a nice tribute to the eighties- John Carpenter would be proud. We have the classic Carpenter-esque synth, the epic Hans Zimmer feel, and overall, it is pure ear candy and perfection.
Okay, so the Epcot-esque finale is more fromage than homage, and is remniscent of the touchy-feely, ending of THE ABYSS.
 <p>It's a great ride, too, with very Matrix-esque action sequences that pull you along at great speed, catapulting you into this "underground" world.
Do not be led astray by the excellently edited theatrical preview for this film, it is neither a successful Matrix-esque actioner nor a star-crossed romance pic.
That said, I still enjoyed the R&J-esque story, and how it combined the already connected lores.
After my second viewing of this film I figured I'd get around to writing a review. In an our-world noir-esque film, vampires and werewolves are in an age old war to defeat one or the another.
So far so good--you weren't expecting Bergman-esque psychological depth, were you?
 Whoa!  Then there's some Matrix-esque stuff that doesn't resemble the Matrix.
It's not as gritty of a film. It doesn't have the "noir" look that they had. Instead, it has a more David Fincher-esque style to it.
Redford's performance gives a more tragic insight into Gatsby's Alger-esque illusions and the pain they cause him -- although he could have used some of Toby Stephens' menace.
This movie has almost none of the magic of the original. The Stifler-esque racist, the butthole cooks, it was just boring.
 From some great, Scorsese-esque tracking shots inside the train to claustrophobic cityscapes to expansive cinematography of the Indian countryside, the setting figures as extensively in this movie as Anderson's old high school in Rushmore or the high seas in The Life Aquatic, adding another layer of the personality that's always set Anderson movies apart.
Not to mention, there is a huge terminator-esque bio-weapon running around.
Her super solider-esque, Matrix-like fighting techniques was a treat to watch.
The only way this would have been more offensive and cliched is if they had some Vaudeville-esque performer in blackface tap-dancing and eating watermelon throughout the film.
Diddy himself manages to do more than stare blankly with mouth agape.  The Raymond Carver-esque story intertwines a series of tragedies stemming from an execution, all of which could become camp if it weren't for the capable approach of director Marc Forster.
Somethings about this movie lack a lot and some might say its a Pulp Fiction-esque type movie and it is in its only little world.
 In a Hemingway-esque turn, they all die in one way or another for a stupid wooden bridge.
As he struggles against giving the order for a My Lai-esque massacre of an unarmed Turkish convoy, Lawrence's face [animated by the incomparable acting of Peter O'Toole] all but says: "Now could I drink hot blood!
After megadoses of Terminator-esque computerized special effects, I love a good low budget flick where the film makers make the most with what they have.
The Bottom Line:<br /><br />The special effects are nifty and I guess the Chinatown-esque plot is kinda fun, but the gimmick ran stale for me after the first half hour and I wanted a bit more to fall back on than Hoskins' growling and Christopher Lloyd's scenery chewing; I can see why everyone else loves it, but I was not especially enthused.
This movie contains a bit of everything: Coen-esque directing, which is always a pro, a witty screenplay, funny storyline, very well casted, etc.
 TRAINING DAY is a film with no special effects, no colorful cinematography, and no Picasso-esque art direction - just a movie that slaps you upside the hide from start to finish, with two powerhouse performances that stay with you long after the closing credits.
Everyone is extremely Barbie-esque - perfect posture, perfect hair, perfect nails, perfect smiles, all while wearing back-breaking high-heel shoes.
 American cinema is not strong on surrealism, but this is a worthy foray into the genre.  There is a Dali-esque beast that inhabits the landscape which is absolutely inspired.
 His various Shamoo-esque leaps, poorly superimposed over the burning town are quite literally beyond belief the first time you view them.
 Director Rick Rosenthal (who directed the latest Halloween: Resurrection) decided to go without most of the cat & mouse-esque Carpenter style suspense of the first film, opting instead to make the film much more graphic than the original.
 That's 100% good with me so right away I was expecting a Kubrick-esque film.
It was good don't get me wrong, but personally from my enjoyment of classic cheesy 80s horror-esque type movies, this didn't fit the bill.
I personally didn't like it, it was a pain to watch but the LordOfTheRings-esque backdrop eye-candy scenery and buildings made it bearable.
 I had low expectations, thinking it was going to be a typical gross-out, Adam Sandler-esque comedy, with fart jokes and lots of T&A.
But unfortunately evil spirits begin to take over the food as they turn whoever eats it into vicious killer Chicken-esque zombies or killer fanged Chicken demons as it turns into a blood night of hell.
The film has been categorized as Tarantino-esque.
The film has been categorized as Tarantino-esque.
Hmmm! This one caught me by surprise. It's an un-Spike Lee-esque joint.
 And I had never seen Nectar Rose, the Poe-esque female lead in ROMAN, before - but once having seen her she is near impossible to forget.
 Look at the SPACE MARINE board and video games, and read past HEAVY METAL  issues and look for &quot;Alien-esque&quot; storylines ( where a bunch of  people are out destroying aliens &amp; bugs with cool weaponry ).
Director James Cameron takes us more into an action oriented Alien movie then the horror-esque type of the first film, and it's done extremely well, engrossing you (for the most part) from the first scene, to the very last.
The conclusion seems almost sit-com-esque in a sudden reconciliation of several relationships, which seems a disservice to the characters.
 The apes inhabit a Flintstone-esque city and are divided into three different castes, the Orangutangs, who are the politicans and keepers of the faith, and seemingly the caste in absolute control, the Gorillas, whoa re the workers and the soldiers, and who seem to occupy the lowest position, and the Chimpanzees, who are the scientists and intellectuals.
I don't know why - but I wasn't expecting the crime/kidnapping/espionage-esque factor in the last two films.
The conclusion seems almost sit-com-esque in a sudden reconciliation of several relationships, which seems a disservice to the characters.
Summer Glau, as Supergirl, is terrific, and Ed Asner, as Fagin-esque supervillainess Granny Goodness(!
I could have done without the bad humor or the Jurassic Park-esque baby Godzilla side story, but I kinda like this Godzilla.
White -- are given greater re-invention than Supes -- who curiously has some jagged Clint Eastwood-esque cheekbones that look horribly out of place on his skin of steel.
One by one, they meet a Pinhead-sponsered end. This movie has some good Hellraiser-esque touches but there is no substance to Hellworld.
Talk about a good horror movie.  This is not your typical hollywood movie folks.  No hollywood-esque chilling sounds here, just whispery quiet and it works big time!
The girl warrior is quite easy on the eyes but the Frankenstein-esque warrior is just so funny it's sad.
The girl grows up to be a stripper, played blandly by a Lolita-esque Jessica Alba.
The characters ramble on in moments of deep thought, revealing what makes them tick. It's filled to the brim with Arnold-esque one-liners.
There's also a lot of Tarantino-esque recursion in the plot line (not to mention that the character of Miho is straight out the Crazy-88 in _Kill Bill_, and so are her weapons), reminiscent of _Pulp Fiction_: The beginning isn't necessarily the beginning, nor is the end the end.
The "special-effects" graphics and video manipulation delivering cartoon-esque visual cinema has been done ad nauseum--"Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid", "Roger Rabbitt", "Forrest Gump", "Gladiator", are all better examples of like talents used to better results.
The girl grows up to be a stripper, played blandly by a Lolita-esque Jessica Alba.
She has talent, but unfortunately is stuck with the films lamest lines. People criticize the films 'Matrix-esque' effects and stunts.
But for those wanting to experience something a little different- a Hollywood-esque attempt at a history lesson with some tango, pop, and theatre thrown in, EVITA may be the movie for you.
 Ending the Cold War and nuclear arms is an important message  -- too bad the campy sixties-style Batman-esque flick doesn't carry it well.
Namely the character Augra is being dubbed with Frank Oz's Miss Piggy-esque voice over and of course there is no music or post-production.
 On the way, he encounters Keira, a girl gelfling, her pomeranian-esque pet, Fizgig (a creature with two sets of teeth and a raging temper), the musical potlins (little hippy creatures who have a lust for life and great music), and many other twists and turns.
He also has an intentional cameo later on in the movie. His brief performance isn't exactly Hitchcockian or Tarantino-esque, but I think he makes out okay.
&quot;Evil Dead&quot; is indeed without question, the BEST zombie-esque movie since &quot;Night Of The Living Dead&quot;, and is a non-stop thrill ride at every turn!
Things start to get violent, and we start to see a Matrix-esque scenario where folks get "plugged in" to this virtual world.
(I was amazed to find out that Horvath's goth-esque apprentice was the same actor who played the youngest of the three brothers in Prince of Persia -- Toby Kebbell.
 The movie was a little top heavy with typical Shatner-esque self-indulgence(he directed of course).
 Westerns are supposed to be either John Wayne-esque fantasies or gritty realistic dramas.
 the plot is a little too woody allen-esque with all the rich actor/actress/painter/intellectual types who have mid-life problems and talk about it over white wine.
The story line is simple - good vs. evil, so what really carries this movie are the Matrix-esque special effects and, more than anything, the martial arts.
 <p>Amazing effects, like Li's encounter with the motorcycle cops or his Matrix-esque dodging of bullets.
The rest was just... too predictable. Killer leaves a clue, police arrive just in time to find a gory murder with Poe-esque flavor from one of his stories.
 Curmudgeons may say that it's nothing more than a Scream-esque parody of horror movie chestnuts, but the approach is really quite different.
Without question, Cabin Fever is the best modern horror flick of our time. Unlike the usual predictable teen MTV-esque films, it delivers a lot more scares and surprises at every turn, and DOES NOT just rely on the blood and gore.
And it doesn`t end there. Then the movie becomes very Tarintino-esque, and from there, a bit of western style violence (ie: Desperado).
McQuarrie is clearly a movie junkie.  This is evident by his Peckinpah-esque story arc and settings and his pair of anti-heroes; the John Woo-esque excessive gunplay, the subsequent and frequent showers of bullets, and the limitless supply of people to kill, and guns to kill them with; and the Quentin Tarantino-esque self-conscious subversion of the genre.
Gone are the chatty hitmen and pop culture references that make movies truly &quot;Tarantino-esque,&quot; and make rip-offs of &quot;Dogs&quot; like &quot;Truth And Consequences, N.
 Curmudgeons may say that it's nothing more than a Scream-esque parody of horror movie chestnuts, but the approach is really quite different.
Without question, Cabin Fever is the best modern horror flick of our time. Unlike the usual predictable teen MTV-esque films, it delivers a lot more scares and surprises at every turn, and DOES NOT just rely on the blood and gore.
However, his Peter  Jackson-esque sense of humor does not fit in though.
 It is utterly and completely lacking of the fairy tale-esque brightness he usually brings to his films.
In a Pacino/DeNiro-esque face-off, Wong and Sam smugly challenge each other to find their respective moles.
This is a brilliantly conceived Michael Mann-esque police drama.
Die hard alien enthusiast impaled themselves on Giger-esque protrusions the second this movie came out.
And all the students at the school are wearing nazi-esque patches that are to protest the Nuclear  Power Plant that is to be built.
 We witness the ending of playwright Barton Fink's (John Turturro in a somewhat Eraserhead-esque coif) latest creation, an allegedly social-realist drama about working-class Jews on the lower east side of Manhattan.
 The Kafka-esque storyline is meant to be so outrageous as to be funny and if taken in that spirit many of the scenes are very entertaining indeed.
Skipped around to check, but yeah, the whole thing is littered with bootleg-esque and/or PAL-like conversion artifacts over *every moving image*.
A Portrait Of A Movie Obsessed Psycho, if you will.  Plus there's an artsy Lynch-esque twist on it.
 The mixture of british humor and Apatow-esque improv is balanced perfectly, and Nicholas Stoller's directing style is finally established in this quick, yet visceral comedy.
 The mixture of british humor and Apatow-esque improv is balanced perfectly, and Nicholas Stoller's directing style is finally established in this quick, yet visceral comedy.
The second half devolves into numerous Disney-esque plot contrivances, none of which I will go into because they might be spoilers to some.
It was highly enjoyable and scary enough for my taste in its B movie way. Some great John Carpenter-esque performances.
 Though Carpenter enlists certain elements that may be stereotypical, such as the Romero-esque zombies and the notion of all-encompassing evil attempting to over-take good, Carpenter adds his own unique twists.
The annoying Disney-esque familiar to our villain, Rasputan, is an obnoxious little white bat (which channels Iago from Aladdin) who inexplicably moves from being a sinister and vindictive side-kick to an unwilling and disinterested participant to his master's evil scheme.
 It was sort of Tim Burton-esque, so maybe if Nightmare Before Christmas is one of your favorites, you'd like this one too.
Die hard alien enthusiast impaled themselves on Giger-esque protrusions the second this movie came out.
Absolute eye candy for sure. Plus he gets points for twisting such a traditional genre, what with that whole fairy tale-esque thing and all.
It is cleverly and artfully presented, with Chuck Jones'  trademark Looney Tunes-esque animation, and a sweet little story, which,  though rather slim, holds the viewer's interest for every single one of its  eighty-six minutes.
 I went into 'Charlie's Angels' wanting only to see a little Bond-esque action and, of course, Lucy Liu.
Every time the film employs cheesy '70s-esque montage sequences, every time the camera goes wicked slow when the girls toss their hair, and every time an action scene comes up (which takes things from films like The Matrix, Mission: Impossible, and True Lies), it's all a parody.
This film is genuinely unpredictable, thanks in large part to a literate, Pinter-esque script, the fact that the action is character-generated, and three generations of great UK actors are on hand to deliver the crowning glory of the film, its performances, I've saved the best for last:<br />Terence Stamp, in his return to the big screen after a lengthy absence, gives his greatest performance, better even than the much-vaunted "The Limey," as the smiling martyr.
Diddy himself manages to do more than stare blankly with mouth agape.  The Raymond Carver-esque story intertwines a series of tragedies stemming from an execution, all of which could become camp if it weren't for the capable approach of director Marc Forster.
Namely the character Augra is being dubbed with Frank Oz's Miss Piggy-esque voice over and of course there is no music or post-production.
 On the way, he encounters Keira, a girl gelfling, her pomeranian-esque pet, Fizgig (a creature with two sets of teeth and a raging temper), the musical potlins (little hippy creatures who have a lust for life and great music), and many other twists and turns.
Right, and finds Mrs. Partly-Right instead, drove me crazy with their Woody Allen-esque attempts to be intellectually funny.
Either way, you'll either be severely depressed or immensely amused by what transpires, from the Lifetime-esque opening credits to the painfully bad showdown in the end.
 In a major Hollywood movie?  <p>To take a Michael Moore-esque view on one final note, we see common thugs and low-lives with automatic weapons wounding and killing innocents, and never even question how such dangerous weapons got into their hands, but somehow this is justified  when a bunch of guys in black kill them off one by one.
Here's your chance!) and closes with a Jackie Chan-esque highlight/blooper reel, neither of which are quite as entertaining as they ought to be but I appreciate the novelty.
 There was an attempt to build some "Da Vinci Code"-esque background, but it the mystery unravels before it begins.
 Nair could have pulled a Gandhi-esque moment for us by countering the horrible acting with beautiful images of India.
 Ending the Cold War and nuclear arms is an important message  -- too bad the campy sixties-style Batman-esque flick doesn't carry it well.
 The perfect heroine.<br /><br />The way this movie was done, with the dark, gritty, noir-esque settings of Batman and the 'lightness' of the dark comedy from Nicholson's Joker, gives the movie a vitality that all the others have lacked to a certain extent.
Batman Returns has a very creative and &quot;Burton-esque&quot;  visual style, yet it's so unrelentingly dark it can't compare to the first,  and the best.
 The visuals in the movie are very 1970s-esque - especially the lighting - which stays in perfect stride with the time period.
 The visuals in the movie are very 1970s-esque - especially the lighting - which stays in perfect stride with the time period.
(I swear, there's something about candy-esque colors like that, soft and bright at the same time, that activates the emotion centers of the brain.
So, not only are the characters attempting broad, Tennessee Williams-esque accents, they have to use these same accents when speaking Yiddish words.
(The best moments in this film are Fred Willard and Jane Lynch as E! Entertainment-esque hosts, and this may have to do with the fact that they are directing themselves towards the camera that they know is present).
 Since no one can meet her, this only fuels a Garbo-esque cult popularity.
 The comical line "Lois Lane?" that he sputters while brushing his teeth (it had a certain Scooby-esque quality) and the even more comical physical acting he does a little later where he keeps prompting Lois to say a certain name so he can unleash the hounds at her.
A Portrait Of A Movie Obsessed Psycho, if you will.  Plus there's an artsy Lynch-esque twist on it.
 You come to enjoy characters quickly, and unfortunately in many cases watch them fall.  The battles are very Gladiator-esque (for obvious reasons) but they take nothing away, merely enhancing the choas of all out war.
 You come to enjoy characters quickly, and unfortunately in many cases watch them fall.  The battles are very Gladiator-esque (for obvious reasons) but they take nothing away, merely enhancing the choas of all out war.
 You come to enjoy characters quickly, and unfortunately in many cases watch them fall.  The battles are very Gladiator-esque (for obvious reasons) but they take nothing away, merely enhancing the choas of all out war.
 You're not going to see some amazing James Cameron-esque special effects and lighting here.
Will you enjoy it? If you're easily amused (like I am) and can be bribed with a bug-eyed gollum-esque demon, a nasty incineration death, and a spooky well/porthole-to-hell, then you'll be in good hands.
 The creators of this new Battlestar series are crafting Sartre-esque literature.
 It doesn't matter much these days what the topic surrounds, as long as there are long picture-esque images of Americana (or some other country), coupled with a tender moment, a blasting score, and sympathy towards anything - than the epic will reign supreme.
Johnny was the most powerful songwriter of that group, with his Leadbelly-esque compostional style of chronicling hard times.
Instead I was disappointed to find an Indianna Jones-esque adventure.
 He soon abondons his Kafka-esque existence and stops going to work, dumps his nagging b**tch of a girlfriend, and gets the courage to ask out a disgruntled waitress (Aniston).
 It the perfect full body workout with a Tabab-esque drill feel to it.
I especially like the Jason-esque music on circuit 6 - it's totally appropriate b/c that circuit is a killer.
 Sounds like it might get old? It does.  However, once you get over the fact that the plot material is "Oedipus-esque," shall we say, it's easy to get involved with the story and recognize that it is very intriguing.
It's a very Cronenberg-esque thriller with plenty of good stuff for everyone especially horror/Sci-fi fanatics and special effects junkies.
The rest of the supporting cast are equally great, especially Billy Bob Thornton as the James Carville-esque consultant.
 If you're looking for a well-crafted Romero-esque film with biting and deep social commentary, this isn't your film.
You can tell the B-roll really did come from some sort of National Geographic-esque type production house because whenever they use it, there's a lot more grain than the rest of the movie.
. . <p>. . . and so it is with `Memento', a pastiche of Jim<br />Thompson-esque crime cliches complicated, but not<br />deepened, by a fairly original cinematic device.
 Fulci uses odd camera work, strange color schemes and bizarree music(Fabio Frizzi'a very Goblin-esque score) to create an atmosphere of mounting terror that doesn't let up until the very end.
As for the human cast, Brendan Fraser, here a hapless stunt man whose dad just happens to be a 007-esque spy star both in character and for real (played broadly, if briefly, by ex-Bond Timothy Dalton), is a little bland, and the normally witty Jenna Elfman is mostly eye candy as the studio exec.
this movie is only good if ur looking for an old fashion slasher. its abit scream-esque but not as scary.
In fact, these deaths mixed gasp-inducing red herrings, "oh my God" shocking moments, and comedic 80's-esque execution with excellent CGI effects.
Colin makes you feel like you are part of the story rather than having a story told to you - almost a Howard Zinn-esque "People's History of the Zombie Apocalypse".
 Why? Predictability.  Design is always the same.  Stick figure-esque, almost surreal imagery is in every flick.
 Assuming you can see though its typically  Burton-esque fog of gloom, you will find some good actors struggling  within.
 Typical Peckinpah.  Powerful, nonetheless.  And Jerry Fielding wrote a brilliant, Stravinsky-esque musical score.
Jonathan Glazer's Sexy Beast. (The only other exceptions would be Gangster No.1 and Guy Ritchie's own highly Lock Stock-esque Snatch).
 Peter Vincent(the biggest change in character in the remake) is no longer an older, washed up, Hammer-esque horror movie star with a cheap late night horror show, but now a Chris Angel inspired Vegas magician whose show revolves around the occult and especially gothic vampire imagery.
 However, the strikingly mature tone of these episodes (including a nightmare-esque scenario where Batgirl is killed and Commissioner Gordon launches a full scale attack against Batman and co.
Perhaps it's the PG rating, but I feel that the dark side of Montana--seamy, smoke-filled, Lolo-esque, where lost souls lurk in the shadows of drunkenness and addiction--is never fully realized (case-in-point: Paul, as well as Jessie's brother).
The people waiting at the train station only to watch stunned as it races by empty and on fire is also a good Spielberg-esque moment.
 The apes inhabit a Flintstone-esque city and are divided into three different castes, the Orangutangs, who are the politicans and keepers of the faith, and seemingly the caste in absolute control, the Gorillas, whoa re the workers and the soldiers, and who seem to occupy the lowest position, and the Chimpanzees, who are the scientists and intellectuals.
 The cinematography is the strongest aspect of this movie.  You'll be transported into a beautiful Eden-esque valley that seems too good to be true.
a stately mansion/castle w/ intensely loyal servants and a cavalcade of one-of-a-kind gizmos and James-Bond-esque weapons and gadgets, not to mention a garage full of Jaguars, Porsches and BMW's.
If you like Tim Burtons work, you will appreciate the skewed perspectives, the painted sets, and the Edward Scissorhads-esque "Somnambulist".
With bold, "Pee-Wee's Playhouse"-like doors, Burton-esque buildings, and a dream-like town, director Robert Wiene (along with his set designer and cinematographer) was well beyond the 1900s.
As noted by many, there is a Frank Capra-esque quality about the proceedings.
Captivating storyline and performances, as always, by Day - and Lemmon brought his wit in full. Definitely Capra-esque, if you love Capra you'll love this flick.
 He is absolutely not Caretaker.  He was not the smart, Jiminy Cricket-esque character that Crewe needed to see what was important to him in the long run.
nature and eventually discover the Andromeda Strain's weakness in a very H.G. Wells-esque realization.
There are some very interesting Burton-esque alterations that update the elements of Alice's journey quite nicely.
 Even through the (once-again) EXTREMELY GI JOE-esque visuals, storytelling and soundtrack, this film uses powerful symbolism in the manner of Dali's "Le Sangre D'un Poete" and Orwell's "Animal Farm" to push us over the edge and into seeing what our (barely) free minds are up against.
 This is not the shoddy Ted Turner-esque colorization of the 1980s, and the advance of technology in the interim decades certainly shows in a positive way.
The clever way it was filmed, which was quite  Blair Witch Project-esque (but in a classy way), brings you into the  action.
And it doesn`t end there. Then the movie becomes very Tarintino-esque, and from there, a bit of western style violence (ie: Desperado).
McQuarrie is clearly a movie junkie.  This is evident by his Peckinpah-esque story arc and settings and his pair of anti-heroes; the John Woo-esque excessive gunplay, the subsequent and frequent showers of bullets, and the limitless supply of people to kill, and guns to kill them with; and the Quentin Tarantino-esque self-conscious subversion of the genre.
Gone are the chatty hitmen and pop culture references that make movies truly &quot;Tarantino-esque,&quot; and make rip-offs of &quot;Dogs&quot; like &quot;Truth And Consequences, N.
This leads him to bust up a scheme by an Illuminati-esque group of businessmen to control a major natural resource.
 I would have loved to have seen a Matthew Fox-esque emotive rant that LOST fans have come to appreciate, but it just never happened.
The villain is appropriately slimy and lizard-esque.
 But a dreadfully dull Tarzan-esque battle with the main villainess, unrealistic bullet dodging, and an anti-climactic airplane crash quickly rescind this action vehicle's license to thrill.
Hilarious stunts, ridiculous cheesy little Spielberg-esque asides (the drunk in the alley), horrible one-liners.
The fact that this Frankenstein's monster is not the typical, "Karloff-esque", square-headed green-skinned guy with bolts in his neck is a big plus, and gives the film real originality.
His Dada-esque soup can, Brillo Box "art" and his pretentious plotless 12-hour "movies" were considered very "avant-garde" as were the junkies, speedfreaks and assorted talentless poseurs at the Factory.
 This is not the shoddy Ted Turner-esque colorization of the 1980s, and the advance of technology in the interim decades certainly shows in a positive way.
Nothing Hollywood-esque about this film.
To me, the 1978-82 period of KISS is the most intriguing.  I like the diversity of the solo albums, the disco-esque "Dynasty," the hard rocking "Creatures of the Night.
To me, the 1978-82 period of KISS is the most intriguing.  I like the diversity of the solo albums, the disco-esque "Dynasty," the hard rocking "Creatures of the Night.
Eddy (Josh Charles), a transfer student, finds himself assigned to room with a likeable yet Neanderthal-esque, Stuart (Stephen Baldwin), whose primary focus in life includes cutting corners, drinking, and conquering hapless women.
It's hardly the likes of Kubrik-esque depth, but it stays with you.
Just in case anyone misses the point, there's a psuedo-Jan Hammer-esque rock insturmental playing during the scene where Kirk &amp; Co.
 I could care less about the silly flash-esque games, the documentaries, storyboards, family game night features, sing-a-long, crap.
This movie contains a bit of everything: Coen-esque directing, which is always a pro, a witty screenplay, funny storyline, very well casted, etc.
Lector look like a Sesame Street character. Bale's cold, charismatic, misogynist turn is riveting. His James Bondian-esque face changes to the devilish mask with the reptilian eyes so rapidly, that your blood would freeze.
Whereas Travis Bickle (DeNiro) had an almost innocent, Holden Caulfield-esque outlook on life and the drive to be a heroic figure that saves the world, Patrick Bateman sees the world as an extension of his "greed and disgust".
 Was it a Saw-esque police drama about a ruthless serial killer?
 The ending is Capra-esque but, hey, imitation is the sincerest form of flattery.
My favorite character is the kanye west-esque samurai (dont worry, you'll get it) The greastest thing about the show is it's brevity.
 He meets a Heidi-esque girl and falls in love, and they too, end up in space.
Eventually, he settles his differences in a Fight Club-esque manner -- which is more ridiculous than it sounds -- in order to make way for some more subplots that make absolutely no sense and go nowhere.
evil), and comes out on top (he turns out good)! He is the quintessiantal human character, "Odyssey-esque" (as old Cock used to say), an everyman for today.
 While it is emotional to watch the love story unfold, the eye-candy battle sequences, and the picture-esque view of Scotland, there seemed to be a lacking "meat" to this story.
As for Pierce Brosnan, well this is #3 for him so he's still as suave and Bond-esque with the action hero coming into play whenever he needs to.
Connery-esque!
 Fairly disturbing as well though (Requium For a Dream-esque.
I shouldn't have done. This is coarse mainstream humour in the guise of faux Monty-Python-esque absurd comedy.
 Although not a highly original or edgy film, it does goes well beyond the barriers of a typical Disney-esque movie.
 I even enjoyed the Kyle MacLachlan-esque style of Andras Jones - then there was Ted Raimi, whom didn't almost fit within this film, but still made it fun to see him sweat.
This is Ben Stiller-esque style comedy with the subtle nuances of facial ticks and casual glances - I find Miles Chapin to be a very, very funny and charming actor!
Rifftrax [...] announced that on 2/19/2007 they will release the "Mystery science theater 3000-esque" commentary track for this "classic".
It is the beginning of the more internalised works by Cronenberg, though there are still some horror elements (the Giger-esque instruments for operating on mutant women and the dream sequence).
Robbie Coltrane (Harry Potter And The...) is wonderfully low-key in his Watson-esque role as Depp's assistant.
The soft-focused, noir-esque, 1930s-style retrofuture of "Sky Captain" is a visual feast to behold, unabashedly revelling in obvious influences as Lang's "Metropolis" and B-movies of the 1930s.
No one knows who is behind this until they call Sky Captain (Jude Law) who has his own incredible James Bond-esque plane that can swim under water as well as fly.
This film keeps getting the trailer and media exposure of being another Crash-esque (1995) style film with a serious coverage of psychotic "wannabes" that wish for physical/medical impairments.
Instead I was disappointed to find an Indianna Jones-esque adventure.
 The great disguises that were created for Val Kilmer's character and his techno gagetry add to the films "bond-esque" feel, while the romance with Elizabeth Shue's character is both engaging and central to the story, rather than an "eye candy" afterthought.
 "Crouching Tiger" surprised many people with it's "Disney-esque" or "Wizard Of Oz" fantasy plot and visuals, but "Hero" defines the understanding of the secret developments of real warriors.
 Don't fool yourselves into thinking that anything Carpenter-esque is in this film.
 Estes gives Geoffrey a (nigh on Dreyfuss-esque) roguishness, but lets slip the wounded heart beneath the bravado when the right moments come -- and of course they do, for this is romance as well as adventure.
That would be fans of the videogame and/or fans of surreal Clive Barker-esque horror.
Near the end of the movie, there's alot of blood and a certain Evil Dead-esque moment I don't think I can mention on Amazon, but the accentuating level of suspense in the amount of violence these creatures could inflict worked only to render the film somewhat visually unbalanced.
Dustin Diamond is back also as an even geekier administrative assistant Screech, adopting a Laurel & Hardy-esque repoire with Principal Belding.
Natalie Portman sports one of the best, most adorable Pageboy Bobs in the universe. Her amazing "young Uma Thurman-esque" face and voice and acting are amplified 100-fold by the hairstyle that she so unfortnuatly had for only this one movie.
 The apes inhabit a Flintstone-esque city and are divided into three different castes, the Orangutangs, who are the politicans and keepers of the faith, and seemingly the caste in absolute control, the Gorillas, whoa re the workers and the soldiers, and who seem to occupy the lowest position, and the Chimpanzees, who are the scientists and intellectuals.
 In what seems like a Kaufman-esque joke on his audience Carrey reverts back to his Ace Ventura form as a split personality, so misrepresented, so misdiagnosed that I wonder if the writers bothered to pick up a medical book in researching this.
It's marvelous.<br /><br />By the way, my title, about Zionists enjoying the piece is intended as Monty Python-esque tongue-in-cheek, so I hope I don't offend anyone.
It has a lot of sorround effects specially in the beggining with the  'Matrix'-esque "girl with bomb explodes" sequence.
This is a story about finding your niche in life. Kind of a fairy tale-esque plot,  wonderfully presented.
As for the film itself - by now, everyone knows that it's a Campbell-esque &quot;hero's journey&quot; dressed up as a gothic horror/suspense yarn.
The first of these ballets, En Sol, is a Broadway musical-esque balletic scene of a day at the beach, with somewhat abstract scenery and costumes.
Thus, he also included the party-girl Monroe-esque character in this film.
a stately mansion/castle w/ intensely loyal servants and a cavalcade of one-of-a-kind gizmos and James-Bond-esque weapons and gadgets, not to mention a garage full of Jaguars, Porsches and BMW's.
a stately mansion/castle w/ intensely loyal servants and a cavalcade of one-of-a-kind gizmos and James-Bond-esque weapons and gadgets, not to mention a garage full of Jaguars, Porsches and BMW's.
Nothing Hollywood-esque about this film.
 john mellencamp's do re mi is fun, fulfilling, and true in spirit to woody.  somehow, a synthesizer, 80s-esque little richard pulls off 'rock island line' and does leadbelly proud.
Why is that? First off, the previews made it seem like a Naked Gun-esque spoof, of which I am a big fan of those types of movies.
 It's a lot of fun, and done in the same vein as Leslie Neilsen's  Zucker-esque films, although not as successfully clever as those.
 While the script isn't full-tilt perfect, and yes, it is Canadian so the cinematagrophy is very TV-esque (haven't you ever watched any other Canadian films?
 While the script isn't full-tilt perfect, and yes, it is Canadian so the cinematagrophy is very TV-esque (haven't you ever watched any other Canadian films?
The film is a gritty,  thought-provoking drama which does not feel the need to have a  Hollywood-esque 'happy' ending.
(And reveals the terrors of "detrimental robots" which rob a person of blood). In the CGI-esque realm, he finds a beautiful, nude woman chained in a cave.
This is a very cool Nightmare On Elm Street-esque horror flick that does everything right.
Pierce Brosnan heats up the screen with Rene Russo in this hot little remake.  Although Bond-esque characteristics are present, Brosnan delivers a look at his corrupt and witty side as an actor.
Young plays all of Prairie Wind plus a generous sprinkling of his other country rock-esque cuts with Prairie's excellent band and other long-time partners.
 Large explosions and violence countered with a sneaky Sneakers-esque style subplot overshadowed the plot.
A shame and a Waste of Talent pushing this "Left Behind"-esque Protestant Propaganda,Denzel could do way better.
COOL! Denzel as a post-apocalyptic wasteland Zatoichi-esque wanderer and Gary Oldman as his nemesis.
 In dreams, Marlene Dietrich-esque beauties hold court poised on glass legs filled with beer.
 The "typical" for VanDamme, this movie is very Bruce Lee-esque and highly entertaining!
 This is not the shoddy Ted Turner-esque colorization of the 1980s, and the advance of technology in the interim decades certainly shows in a positive way.
 It almost reminded me of the Japanese series Lone Wolf & Cub, especially the showdown in the Kurosawa-esque oppressive, sheeting rain.
But that's so strange, isn't it,...Tom Hanks in a mobster-esque role,.
 It almost reminded me of the Japanese series Lone Wolf & Cub, especially the showdown in the Kurosawa-esque oppressive, sheeting rain.
But that's so strange, isn't it,...Tom Hanks in a mobster-esque role,.
As fate would have it, a handsome Robin Hood-esque young man named Flynn Rider is attempting to escape the guards at the Royal Palace, and naturally happens upon Rapunzel's tower while Gothel is gone.
They just need to ramp up the creative juices and come up with the next "Little Mermaid"-esque hit.
 Director Rick Rosenthal (who directed the latest Halloween: Resurrection) decided to go without most of the cat & mouse-esque Carpenter style suspense of the first film, opting instead to make the film much more graphic than the original.
 Getting an Arnold-esque lead would have just been competing (quite lamely) with the original.
"T2" immediately does away with the Del James-esque poetics of the first film and goes for pure commercialism.
Pokemon.<br />We also get to see the short film, Pikachu's Vacation, which is VERY silly and Loony Tunes-esque(Heck, 4Kids redid the music to make it sound JUST like a Bugs Bunny cartoon!
D-Wars is, from start to finish, a series of melodramatic moments highlighted here and there by Power Rangers-esque special effects.
 Amanda Brooks, Roswell's Jason Behr, and Robert Forster star in this flick, which features gigantic, reptilian-esque creatures wreaking havoc as much as one can imagine.
David Arquette is as funny as ever as the bumbling Barney Fife-esque town sheriff.
Lector look like a Sesame Street character. Bale's cold, charismatic, misogynist turn is riveting. His James Bondian-esque face changes to the devilish mask with the reptilian eyes so rapidly, that your blood would freeze.
Whereas Travis Bickle (DeNiro) had an almost innocent, Holden Caulfield-esque outlook on life and the drive to be a heroic figure that saves the world, Patrick Bateman sees the world as an extension of his "greed and disgust".
It's quirky and fun, but not in the Juno-esque sense.
the New Testament.<p>While this has the classic Python-esque wry humor and satire, there's something a little more timid here.
The landscape, the fight sequences and character design. Though done in an anime-esque style (reminding me a lot of Jackie Chan Adventures), the characters still had a resemblance (vague for some characters however; ex.
 The animation style is stiff and more manga-esque than one could imagine, and it's a look that doesn't work.
Johnny was the most powerful songwriter of that group, with his Leadbelly-esque compostional style of chronicling hard times.
It offers suspense and has it's moments that make me jump. It's the perfect drama-esque film.
Her more Betty Page-esque comic book counterpart might have given the film a problem securing a PG rating.
 The house is owned by a strange old husband and wife who make dolls.  They are soon joined by two Madonna-esque rockers and the nice man who gave them a lift.
 GITS has spawned a Blade Runner-esque <a href="http://www.
 The excellent battle scenes and cool philip dick-esque plot make this purchase a must for those wanting any anime.
Dan Dark, writer of noir, Raymond Chandler-esque Detective fiction is suffering from a severe skin condition that has made him virtually a prisoner in his own body.
Ella also manages to help a dentist who wants to becomes a composer, and a Brando-esque teen actor achieve status.
 Bales' transformation from the buff, he-man-esque physique that those expect from seeing him in Batman Begins, Reign of Fire, or American Psycho, to the incredibly gaunt, emaciated Trevor Reznick is on par with the transformations that Robert De Niro went through in Raging Bull, and more recently Charlize Theron in Monster.
well, actually still looks pretty impressively Kraken-esque.
Andrews has a crackling Bogart-esque presence here, which makes us like the only honest guy in the movie, and Webb is brilliant as the tart-tongued, frustrated Waldo, who sees Laura as his personal Galatea.
Good Sam is a charming Capra-esque Christmas classic directed by Leo McCarey (The Bells of St.
Playing the Keanu-esque foil to McConaughey's Swayze, Christian Bale returns every hardened stare, lets no machismo go unanswered, no muscle flex go un-flexed back at, and he'll be damned if he puts a shirt on either.
The story line is simple - good vs. evil, so what really carries this movie are the Matrix-esque special effects and, more than anything, the martial arts.
 <p>Amazing effects, like Li's encounter with the motorcycle cops or his Matrix-esque dodging of bullets.
 This after his picture-esque Norman Rockwell-type family is uprooted by the kidnapping of his nine-year-old daughter.
The score composed by John Powell was all right; It suited the action-esque atmosphere in the movie but you'll be hard pressed to even bother paying attention to it.
And finally, Anna Paquin concludes her pointless attempt at conceptualizing Rogue. Instead of the Southern, wonder girl-esque charm, there is the typical $5.
Escher-esque animation a delight !
 xXx uses a plethora of James Bond-esque type gadgets and excellorates them using X-Treme sports.
 Why? Predictability.  Design is always the same.  Stick figure-esque, almost surreal imagery is in every flick.
 Assuming you can see though its typically  Burton-esque fog of gloom, you will find some good actors struggling  within.
The Ying-n-Yang of friends. They're similar in that Vaughn is that same kind of lounge-lizard-esque con man without a con, dimwitted with an air of ill-placed superiority and Favreau is his signature calm steady, studying fellow just trying to make it in the big bad voodoo world.
 From some great, Scorsese-esque tracking shots inside the train to claustrophobic cityscapes to expansive cinematography of the Indian countryside, the setting figures as extensively in this movie as Anderson's old high school in Rushmore or the high seas in The Life Aquatic, adding another layer of the personality that's always set Anderson movies apart.
Also, at one point during the Christmas party, there is an opera-esque performance with three masked dancers which definitely does not appear in the original score.
 But this, a noir-esque policier is all the more surprising for the amount of life the master is able to breathe into an otherwise stale, and over-worked type.
this movie combines the beautifulness and revolutionarity of the matrix-esque special effects and the jaw-droppingly great kung fu of the ninja to bring you a masterpiece.
 I went into 'Charlie's Angels' wanting only to see a little Bond-esque action and, of course, Lucy Liu.
Every time the film employs cheesy '70s-esque montage sequences, every time the camera goes wicked slow when the girls toss their hair, and every time an action scene comes up (which takes things from films like The Matrix, Mission: Impossible, and True Lies), it's all a parody.
OK,the trailer,movie packaging,etc.does NOT mention anything about the fact this is almost a "HIGH SCHOOL MUSICAL-esque" movie!
Considering the Columbine type content, I'm surprised it hasn't been banned. It's an 80's shocker, kind of Fight Club-esque.
After Veronica begins to despise her supposed friends, she meets up with Jason Dean, played by the young "Jack Nicholson-esque" Christian Slater, whom helps to escalate this hatred for the Heathers (and some others.
As it turns out, Sam, with Keaton-esque antics and eccentric nature, is just the housekeeper that Joon has been looking for, and they fall in love.
 The physical comedy and capturing that Keaton/Chaplin-esque style was fantastic and the same can be said with the brother and sister chemistry between Aidan Quinn and Mary Stuart Masterson.
 But Vincent D'Onofrio's Harry Lime-esque Dr.
As the plot unfolds it becomes more and more Clive Barker-esque.
Still, "My Sweet Little Village" it ain't.<br />...beautiful and plaintive clarinet theme and decidedly Tarkovsky-esque ending, although the lamp-post symbolism was a little heavy-handed.
 Getting an Arnold-esque lead would have just been competing (quite lamely) with the original.
 Norman Reedus, the weaselly-villain-esque character had angry eyes and an obsession with power .
Wayne's Bligh-like Dunson and Clift's Fletcher Christian-esque Garth are terrific characters in large part because the leisurely pace of the film gives them time to grow and change, gives us the audience a real feel that weeks have passed and that Dunson's growing madness - and Garth's growing sense of authority - aren't just sudden movie plot devices, but real changes in personality brought into place through real conditions.
 Lastly, Liotta's soft-spoken Jack befriends Rose-Johnny, and in doing so sets the stage for a Magnolia-esque plot-switching film that is quite compelling and interesting to follow.
 Lastly, Liotta's soft-spoken Jack befriends Rose-Johnny, and in doing so sets the stage for a Magnolia-esque plot-switching film that is quite compelling and interesting to follow.
At no point are we prepared as an audience to be left on a Rocky Balboa-esque note of corny triumph.
The concept of the film itself is genius and has an H.P. Lovecraft-esque feel to it, the performances are just outstanding and the special effects still hold up in this digital age.
 And yet he went with an off-the-wall sci-fi theme that Lucas struggles to make Indy-esque.
While some dramatic license was taken with the storyline, &quot;Joseph&quot; thankfully eschews Disney-esque asides, superflous fantasy characters or expanded romantic angles (Joseph's love and marriage to Asenath is simply part of the story).
 And don't get me started on those John Denver-esque songs, delivered in prompt ten-minute intervals--obviously meant to extend this into 90 minutes, they start as annoying and quickly devolve into teeth-grinding badness.
 And don't get me started on those John Denver-esque songs, delivered in prompt ten-minute intervals--obviously meant to extend this into 90 minutes, they start as annoying and quickly devolve into teeth-grinding badness.
 The comical line "Lois Lane?" that he sputters while brushing his teeth (it had a certain Scooby-esque quality) and the even more comical physical acting he does a little later where he keeps prompting Lois to say a certain name so he can unleash the hounds at her.
The concept of the film itself is genius and has an H.P. Lovecraft-esque feel to it, the performances are just outstanding and the special effects still hold up in this digital age.
"Young Love" is street poetry in the Jovi-esque "Livin On A prayer" Westside Story kind of way.
However the (psuedo) tragic ending was nothing short of a betrayel. It seemed just like a cheap quasi-Tarantino-esque mechanism.
 His fascination with the Garbo-esque youth is understandable, but the scenario takes us on endless journey that ultimately goes only .
Edgar Hoover-esque way at the time), arrest his sister, Bonnie Redbow, on some bogus drug charge.
nature and eventually discover the Andromeda Strain's weakness in a very H.G. Wells-esque realization.
There are lots of amusing Python-esque puns and jokes sprinkled throughout the film, the kind of verbal gags that make you simultaneously chuckle and.
 They go from casual aquaintences to friends, then, thinking this is going to turn into a Fatal Attraction-esque movie, he decides to have a tryst with Aniston in a sleazy hotel room.
I especially loved the ending, it was original.<p>There is a Tenchi-esque feel to this series, so if you like Tenchi, you'll love this.
 ///// Dana: Hello, Peter. Peter Venkman: [whips around Melodramatically, and speaks in a soap opera-esque deep tone] Hello, Dana.
At age 30, the uncompromising Bette Davis won her second Best Actress Oscar for her portrait as an 1852-esque Southern femme fatale set against the backdrop of antebellum New Orleans in the midst of a yellow fever outbreak.
I digress....the actual movies are awesome. buy them if you like action, and suspense and james bond-esque themed movies.
I have to admit that I liked the epcot-esque city in which this story is based.
 The M. Night Shyamalan-esque twist reveals that Marie and the killer are one and the same.
 It doesn't matter much these days what the topic surrounds, as long as there are long picture-esque images of Americana (or some other country), coupled with a tender moment, a blasting score, and sympathy towards anything - than the epic will reign supreme.
There's of course the paladin-esque superheroes like Spider-Man or Superman and there's the anti-heroes like Wolverine or Batman (at his best, so long as he doesn't delve into Miller-machismo).
(Hey, it may just be the best film Tor ever appeared in.)<p>The somewhat Woolrich-esque plot has to do with a carefree detective teaming up with a pretty Bette Davis looking newspaper reporter to scope out the whereabouts of a wanted criminal called The Judge.
 Once again..very "fight club"-esque in its dark humor nature.
 War begins to brew as the reptillian-esque Scarrans now seek the wormhole technology Crichton knows to rule the universe, no matter the cost.
 Hearing the name Joss Whedon attached to the film, I had visions of Buffy-esque plot twists gone sci-fi.
The score composed by John Powell was all right; It suited the action-esque atmosphere in the movie but you'll be hard pressed to even bother paying attention to it.
And finally, Anna Paquin concludes her pointless attempt at conceptualizing Rogue. Instead of the Southern, wonder girl-esque charm, there is the typical $5.
 That's where the trailer left it....and it left me thinking this might be a Mulan-esque story where she goes off on some sort of adventure (again making me nervous that maybe we'd just have a rehashed story).
This heightens Lucian's animosity toward his vampire rulers and ignites him to lead a SPARTACUS-esque Lycan revolt.
It was highly enjoyable and scary enough for my taste in its B movie way. Some great John Carpenter-esque performances.
 Though Carpenter enlists certain elements that may be stereotypical, such as the Romero-esque zombies and the notion of all-encompassing evil attempting to over-take good, Carpenter adds his own unique twists.
. . <p>. . . and so it is with `Memento', a pastiche of Jim<br />Thompson-esque crime cliches complicated, but not<br />deepened, by a fairly original cinematic device.
 Some nice slow-motion, Matrix-esque bullet dodging scenes, and the JCVD kicks are always classic, but there's just too much to truly enjoy.
Rodman's character, a shady special arms dealer, does add some brightness with his 007-esque cadre of tech gadgets.
It could be the soundtrack that recalls AMERICAN GRAFFITI. It could be director Paul Thomas Anderson's Scorcese-esque approach to the filming.
This movie is not a documentary, neither does it have a story / narrative driving events.  It is an undisputably Altman-esque view of life in a successful ballet company, in this case the Joffrey Ballet Company.
There was just enough of her romance with Josh to satisfy me, and none of the soap opera-esque drama that ruined Center Stage.
 The Turning Point without the older generation.<br /><br />Neve Campbell is an up and coming dancer with a Joffrey-esque dance company.
 The dancing sequences are spectacular--Altman appreciates and savors each of them, without doing any heavily MTV-esque editing.
 Dialogue, as always for Scorsese, is great with some of Nicholson's lines being Tarantino-esque.
 This movie tries too hard to be like other movies.  From the beginning long shot with Nicholson voice-over to the Joker-esque facial musings, Matt Damon sounding like he just stepped off the Good Will Hunting set, it was just kind of sad.
Wiley finds himself embroiled in this cauldron of intrigue, and uses his electrical engineering training, in MacGyver-esque fashion, to stage a heist of the emeralds and bring Argenti to ruin.
 If you like Love Stories, then buy this movie.  Crouching Tiger has it all. Drama, matrix-esque fight scenes.
 If you are looking for a slapstick Jackie Chan-esque martial arts fun-fest in the vein of Drunken Master, this IS NOT your movie.
Plus, he had a really dodgy Steven Segal-esque ponytail.
I have never seen a film that can juggle Python-esque humor and Gladiator-esque emotion so well - nor have I seen a film that has even attempted it, let alone met with success!
 <p>Danny Devito plays what may well have been his last truly funny role, made all the more hilarious because his Brando-esque character takes himself almost as seriously as DeVito takes himself these days.
 The film often references Heisenberg's Uncertainty Principle and is told in a rather Twilight-Zone-esque fashion.
his own appearance makes this segment positively Fellini-esque.
Long before Disney's version of Zorro (starring Guy Madison) hit TV, I learned about Zorro and his Robin Hood-esque exploits in the old Republic serials shown then.
It's also a good movie to watch and relax to late at night. It's along the lines of a Shyamalon-esque thriller/suspense film and I find that it always delivers when i watch it.
The concept of the film itself is genius and has an H.P. Lovecraft-esque feel to it, the performances are just outstanding and the special effects still hold up in this digital age.
 Elisha Cuthbert is ethereal, with a Marilyn Monroe-esque appeal.
I could have done without the bad humor or the Jurassic Park-esque baby Godzilla side story, but I kinda like this Godzilla.
 I could care less about the silly flash-esque games, the documentaries, storyboards, family game night features, sing-a-long, crap.
This movie contains a bit of everything: Coen-esque directing, which is always a pro, a witty screenplay, funny storyline, very well casted, etc.
 To my delight, it was very thrilling and Hitchcock-esque in nature.
 In "Spice World," the girls take on a world tour with Bond-esque style.
What fun! Scrap the past 40 years of music development and go straight back into the good old jazz/Chicago-esque style.
 Curmudgeons may say that it's nothing more than a Scream-esque parody of horror movie chestnuts, but the approach is really quite different.
Without question, Cabin Fever is the best modern horror flick of our time. Unlike the usual predictable teen MTV-esque films, it delivers a lot more scares and surprises at every turn, and DOES NOT just rely on the blood and gore.
 Was it a Saw-esque police drama about a ruthless serial killer?
Paul W. S. Anderson (writer and director) chose the slow, horror-esque build up of the original 'Alien' over the action adventure feeling of 'Aliens'.
When an important executive of the NASA-esque company where Hawke works is murdered, he becomes the prime suspect when an eyelash of his is identifed during the police investigation.
Granted, Gattaca certainly tries to be all things to all people - it sells itself variously as a Philip K. Dick-esque sci-fi, as a Tense Political Thriller, an Edgy Romance, even as a Rumination on Filial Love and Obligation - but in my book it fails badly on every count.
Paul W. S. Anderson (writer and director) chose the slow, horror-esque build up of the original 'Alien' over the action adventure feeling of 'Aliens'.
Throw in a disgruntled Jabba-esque Scotsman who knows just the wrong things to say, and a few especially nasty gross-out moments (Austin drinking an ersatz cup o&#8217; joe, and the infamous tent scene), and you have a little something for everybody!
 While it is emotional to watch the love story unfold, the eye-candy battle sequences, and the picture-esque view of Scotland, there seemed to be a lacking "meat" to this story.
the old jim halpert would NEVER do these!!<br /><br />i vote the "who done it" episode, "where they play that "clue-esque" board game to find out who the fictional murdererer was to distract everyone of what's really going on; which was inevidentily dunder mifflins demise, as the worst episode in season 6.
As he struggles against giving the order for a My Lai-esque massacre of an unarmed Turkish convoy, Lawrence's face [animated by the incomparable acting of Peter O'Toole] all but says: "Now could I drink hot blood!
the old jim halpert would NEVER do these!!<br /><br />i vote the "who done it" episode, "where they play that "clue-esque" board game to find out who the fictional murdererer was to distract everyone of what's really going on; which was inevidentily dunder mifflins demise, as the worst episode in season 6.
Meryl Streep was excellent in her portrayal of the Anna Wintour-esque Mirande Priestley, but that alone doesn't make this film worth watching.
 Meryl Streep, of course, wins hands down as Cruella DeVille-esque Miranda as she obviously enjoys torturing those in the lower chain of command, yet she also shows a vulnerable side that makes you both respect and sympathize with her.
Personally, that's my favourite part of the film; an almost storybook-esque sequence and still so breathtakingly fluid and full of life, living Po's dream of his possible life as a warrior.
Both of them still being ogres does nothing for the Hollywood-esque society.
The acting is as scenery chewing as the dialogue is Ed Wood-esque.
 Despite being top-billed, she has very little screen time.  Furthermore, her sole outfit includes the lumberjack-esque shoulder pads that were the style in 1946, and a very dated hat, which she never removes throughout the picture.
Paul W. S. Anderson (writer and director) chose the slow, horror-esque build up of the original 'Alien' over the action adventure feeling of 'Aliens'.
 They were under some tremdous pressure to do the film I understand.  When it comes to crude, John Waters-esque humor, I usually find it more amusing than I do funny.
 Neither is it merely the postmodern fantasy of a director of the surreal.<p>Artificial Intelligence is a Siddartha-esque journey film, a story of a quest for identity and the meaning of life, and to a lesser degree, the documentary of some of the more important symbols of our cultural understanding of those questions.
 A very thought provoking, very dark, Kubrick-esque movie, and I commend Spielberg for pulling it off.
 Particularly Helsinki.... a quiet but thoughful ending to this Fellini-esque romp across the globe.
We open with shots of a lit up and pretty cityscape of LA with Gerswin-esque music playing a la Woody Allen's Manhattan.
However, even if Pee Wee Herman-esque humor isn't your cup of tea, the movie does have a strong message about the strength of family, another message about honesty, another one about how kids can make a difference, and the movie has one of the best Latin American casts of all time.
That is of course before her final transformation and once the fangs come into play, she resembles a Carly Simon-esque freakshow in need of serious dental work.
More on this later...<br /><br />Jolie as Alexander's mother uses as bizarre Russian-esque accent that is terribly out of place with who Olympia actually was.
I, like so many others, was loathe to see another Anne Rice-esque vampire movie.
One of the most enjoyable attempts at another Harry Potter-esque franchise.
The music was good, I loved Gustave's singing parts, and the showgirl-esque tunes from Meg were interesting.
 Don't go into this movie expecting a warm and fuzzy Kate and Leopold-esque feeling, but do expect to root for Bullock at least over her sleazy adversary.
Then there's just the weird visuals such as Jack's weird odyssey in the locker where it's almost Gilliam-esque in its weirdness but it becomes a slight running gag that is funny yes but it's kind of unneeded.
I have heard many people simply pass this off as another "Freddy-esque" movie because of the makeup, but the similarities between Englund's most notorious screen character and the Phantom stops there.
 In a Hemingway-esque turn, they all die in one way or another for a stupid wooden bridge.
Why would he cut an important keystone of the book's plot? Yet he decides to replace that with Cuban Missile Crisis-esque conflict down on Earth, which feels incredibly irrelevant in present year of 2004.
I have to admit that I liked the epcot-esque city in which this story is based.
This sub-plot portrayed Dr. No as a poor Frankenstein-esque creature that was just a product of his horrible experiences and mistreatment by a world that rejected him.
This sub-plot portrayed Dr. No, as a poor Frankenstein-esque creature that was just a product of his horrible experiences, and mistreatment by a world that rejected him.
Alas, Roger became too old and went.<br />Dalton brought another Bond, more fleming-esque.
a first glance it seems to be a natural history series, with carefully filmed footage and Attenborough-esque narration (provided here by the wonderful  English luvvie Kenneth Branagh).
I thought the picture quality was great despite some criticism here.<br /><br />The 1st disc has the traditional, Kafka-esque, post-modern genius that makes this one of the best sci-fi film ever.
The film offers the viewer a retro-esque future that mixes the past of the 40's, 50's, 60's and early 70's in one movie but in a brilliant kind of surreal and weird way that it's just scrumbcous like Ridley Scott's "Blade Runner" or Fritz Lang's "Metropolis".
Disney (or Disney-esque, I'm not sure of the studio) movie with Billy Bob Thornton as a failed astronaut who is building his own rocket on a farm in the Midwest, with the intention of launching it.
 The apes inhabit a Flintstone-esque city and are divided into three different castes, the Orangutangs, who are the politicans and keepers of the faith, and seemingly the caste in absolute control, the Gorillas, whoa re the workers and the soldiers, and who seem to occupy the lowest position, and the Chimpanzees, who are the scientists and intellectuals.
And while Faye undeniably gets the right bandmember in the end, Lamarr the concierge's 'Love Boat'-esque intervention in the process is wholly unnecessary.
Once again,.this film is not for kids, or Steven Segal or Van Damme fans with 1/2 hour Springer time-slot-esque attention spans!
No one in the movie truly seems comfortable with the dialogue. It's 40s-esque dialogue and you got people who have been in movies like Erin Brockovich, Lost in Translation, and Dumb & Dumber reciting it.
It's all there, like a paint-by-numbers mockery: monotone Chandler-esque voiceover, check; black-clad femme fatale, check; pouting blonde, corrupt cops, sprawling plot and little resolution, all checked.
While one might expect a Shatner-esque, over-the-top performance from Carrey, to which we've become accustomed in his comedic work, we are instead given a performance that is both subtle and remarkably powerful.
What do our memories look like if shown as a movie? Dali-esque, if Gondry is to be believed, complete with melting faces.
So she must be doing something.<br />  Perhaps her waifish figure and LSD-esque persona is due to the distinct possibility that she was once abducted by aliens.
Plus, he had a really dodgy Steven Segal-esque ponytail.
Leonetti likes smoky nightclubs and motel rooms and the score alternates between jazzy and noir-esque to (unfortunately) synthesized and 80s.
As a huge fan of 2001: A Space Odyssey, the 80's aesthetic, analog synthesizers, 60's cults, drugs, Cronenberg-esque villians, and dated depictions of the future, this film is a complete home run for me.
While one might expect a Shatner-esque, over-the-top performance from Carrey, to which we've become accustomed in his comedic work, we are instead given a performance that is both subtle and remarkably powerful.
What do our memories look like if shown as a movie? Dali-esque, if Gondry is to be believed, complete with melting faces.
 Number two, what's with the clumsy carousel-esque pop-up top?
Kathleen Turner grabs you from the second she is on screen her Jane Mansfield-esque frame is sheathed in a white dress and her husky yet alluring voice and all out jaguar on the prowl apppeal has never been equalled by any actress in this genre since!
Javier Bardem steals the show here as a zombie-esque bad guy who kills people with a cattle gun as he stalks Josh Brolin who has Bardem's $2 million from a drug deal gone bad.
Personally, I like this approach a lot. Because the opera is so character driven, it can be performed without Ring Cycle-esque sets.
Ashley Judd was WAY too Hollywood-esque (is that a word?
And it doesn`t end there. Then the movie becomes very Tarintino-esque, and from there, a bit of western style violence (ie: Desperado).
McQuarrie is clearly a movie junkie.  This is evident by his Peckinpah-esque story arc and settings and his pair of anti-heroes; the John Woo-esque excessive gunplay, the subsequent and frequent showers of bullets, and the limitless supply of people to kill, and guns to kill them with; and the Quentin Tarantino-esque self-conscious subversion of the genre.
Gone are the chatty hitmen and pop culture references that make movies truly &quot;Tarantino-esque,&quot; and make rip-offs of &quot;Dogs&quot; like &quot;Truth And Consequences, N.
 Film  and TV legend Henry Winkler added a lot of gusto to the film in the  supporting role of Alfred's Emeril-esque dad as well.
 Film  and TV legend Henry Winkler added a lot of gusto to the film in the  supporting role of Alfred's Emeril-esque dad as well.
 The plot is pretty good.  Great action, although it does get a little Transformers-esque over the top a few times.
Allen reaches Buster Keaton-esque comedic greatness here--battling a giant pudding, surviving an Orgasmatron, morphing into Blanche Dubois--and has a naturally funny, gentle rapport with Keaton, the perfect foil.
 More reliant on Chaplin-esque visual gags than any of his other movies, there are some parts that Allen himself now finds childish and embarrassing.
Woody Allen stars as a man who was frozen for 200 years and emerges into a 1984-esque world of a controlling government and pleasurable technology.
The glut of weak, DIY-esque backdrops and special effects make the arrival of Star Wars just four years later seem even more impressive by comparison.
There are some very interesting Burton-esque alterations that update the elements of Alice's journey quite nicely.
 Throughout the show's seven seasons, the tone of the show matured from a teen-esque drama with vampires to a girl accepting her destiny and facing an oncoming apocalypse, and to the surprise of many the show actually worked thanks to the stong cast and pop-culture laced dialogue, and some astonishingly human stories.
Namely the character Augra is being dubbed with Frank Oz's Miss Piggy-esque voice over and of course there is no music or post-production.
 On the way, he encounters Keira, a girl gelfling, her pomeranian-esque pet, Fizgig (a creature with two sets of teeth and a raging temper), the musical potlins (little hippy creatures who have a lust for life and great music), and many other twists and turns.
His 90's, Bill Gates-esque character is also brilliantly portrayed, persuing his beloved while silently rubbing his success in the faces of everyone at the reunion.
Is there a goofy synth score on hand? Yep. Generic Rocky-esque theme song?
For example, the way Freddy kills &quot;John Doe&quot; with his Wile E. Coyote-esque rig and stuff of the sort.
Propelled by Matt Munro's Sinatra-esque rendition of the memorable title tune, this family-friendly nature film directed by James Hill was a must-see when it was originally released in 1966.
 It was a lot funnier to watch the citizens of Rawdon react with horror to the Romberg-esque operetta music, also originally used without the singing for the main titles.
I have to admit that I liked the epcot-esque city in which this story is based.
<p>This movie was excellent. A wonderful feel to it; very &quot;Mission: Impossible-esque.
With its exquisite black-and-white shots of Monument Valley, assured acting, and Custer-esque storyline, "Apache" is an enduring Western winner.
quaint at this point. Made in the early 1970s, it features a Joan Baez song and some decidedly hippie-esque trappings.
 Even if you don't like boxing, even if you're hoping for a ROCKY-esque film, you won't be disappointed in MILLION DOLLAR BABY.
 "The Master Minds" are a MENSA-esque high-I.
 "The Master Minds" are a MENSA-esque high-I.
I agree with everyone who says he stole the movie. I loved how he just camped it up, he was almost going quite Python-esque in some scenes, just with his little mannerisms and quirks.
Also, catch Melissa Joan Hart the Dee Dees, a tempting pair of Harley Quinn-esque teen villains.
 The acting is goofy, the special effects are &quot;Clash of the Titans&quot;-esque, and Ash seems to get his shotgun out of nowhere after coming out of the pit; but, you love it anyway cause its funny and good for a viewing at anytime of the day or night.
 To show off contemporary versions (circa 1990) of Ray Harryhausen-esque stop-motion techniques:<p>The special effects, while dated in the face of CGI prodigiousness, are enormous and spectacular.
Those looking for a Guinea Pig-esque experience will no doubt be grandly disappointed by all this.
Maybe. This film has PLENTY of each depicted in explicit, oozing, Burroughs-esque detail.
 With "Reloaded", what began as a single successful film becomes an updated "Star Wars"-esque trilogy, with a seemingly unbeatable first film, a middle piece, and a battle-filled climax.
Getting back to the directionality, though, I really like the overall sound design and the comic book-esque effects they created.
His 90's, Bill Gates-esque character is also brilliantly portrayed, persuing his beloved while silently rubbing his success in the faces of everyone at the reunion.
 "The Master Minds" are a MENSA-esque high-I.
From the opening credits clunky font and electro disco-esque soundtrack, to the all-important cherry red blood sputtering scenes.
Apart from being another &quot;Scream&quot;-esque potboiler, one gory death scene (which is the only gory scene) seems to borrow from Italian horror masters like Lucio Fulci and Dario Argento.
 He has zero, and I mean no chemistry with the barbie-esque Christie, who only needs a gingham dress to remind me of one of the gals from Petticoat Junction.
 I even enjoyed the Kyle MacLachlan-esque style of Andras Jones - then there was Ted Raimi, whom didn't almost fit within this film, but still made it fun to see him sweat.
 Bales' transformation from the buff, he-man-esque physique that those expect from seeing him in Batman Begins, Reign of Fire, or American Psycho, to the incredibly gaunt, emaciated Trevor Reznick is on par with the transformations that Robert De Niro went through in Raging Bull, and more recently Charlize Theron in Monster.
Ben Affleck is at his Gigli-esque worst, displaying a grand total of two emotions as the genius-level intellectual willing to wipe the memory of his work after every assignment in exchange for a few extra dollar signs.
You also have the hilarious Looney Tunes-esque sound effects, intentionally "lame" humor, ironic use of disaster movie cliche's (weather anchor Patrick (Al Roker) even observes that the storm is "following an unusual pattern of hitting all of the worlds major landmarks first, and then spreading across the rest of the globe,") and an awesome soundtrack by Devo's Mark Mothersbaugh to give it the 80's retro-futuristic tone.
This is some really weird stuff.<br /><br />It's not as if I was looking for Disney-esque animation with singing forest animals or anything, but this was outside even my broad expectations.
Split into four parts, each one focused on a different season, Another Year has a formal, Eric Rohmer-esque structure that makes it one of its creator's most ordered works.
 Why does the film become detrimentally Disney-esque in Scottie's risible nightmare sequence?
Forget &quot;Dances with Wolves.&quot;  Kevin Costner outdoes himself as an actor in this superb Capra-esque movie that is filled with magic rarely seen onscreen.
 My favorite happens to be Thandie Newton's portrayal of Condi Rice as a subservient, wrist-wringing, Eegore-esque minion that offered up affirmation to her master's ideas by repeating only the last word of his sentences.
Playing the Keanu-esque foil to McConaughey's Swayze, Christian Bale returns every hardened stare, lets no machismo go unanswered, no muscle flex go un-flexed back at, and he'll be damned if he puts a shirt on either.
Price&quot; (and he even grew a Vincent-esque mustache.
 "Crouching Tiger" surprised many people with it's "Disney-esque" or "Wizard Of Oz" fantasy plot and visuals, but "Hero" defines the understanding of the secret developments of real warriors.
 What follows is a DaVinci Code-esque whirlwind of clues and revelations as the trio go from spot to spot finding the next clues.
 This film suffered from being a derivative, watered  down, pseudo-Tarantino-esque knock off.
 Also it is really refreshing to see a movie about love and relationships that doesn't focus on model-esque twenty something guys and gals.
He also has quite a nice voice, with a deep Bing Crosby-esque quality about it that makes him all the more appealing.
 The movie was a little top heavy with typical Shatner-esque self-indulgence(he directed of course).
A second rate villian turns out to be a first rate adoptive father even though he<br />lives in an "Addams-esque" home filled with bombs, rocket and Minons that look like<br />snack food.
 And don't get me started on those John Denver-esque songs, delivered in prompt ten-minute intervals--obviously meant to extend this into 90 minutes, they start as annoying and quickly devolve into teeth-grinding badness.
This is a gorgeous fantasy epic with a hefty dose of Monty Python-esque comedy thrown in for good measure.
 The cast is pretty close to all star including Robin Williams, Uma Thurman as a Botticelli-esque Venus, John Neville and even Terry Gilliam himself.
I became more interested after watching director Justin Russell's Grindhouse-esque trailer "Don't Go in the Attic".
I agree with everyone who says he stole the movie. I loved how he just camped it up, he was almost going quite Python-esque in some scenes, just with his little mannerisms and quirks.
 The apes inhabit a Flintstone-esque city and are divided into three different castes, the Orangutangs, who are the politicans and keepers of the faith, and seemingly the caste in absolute control, the Gorillas, whoa re the workers and the soldiers, and who seem to occupy the lowest position, and the Chimpanzees, who are the scientists and intellectuals.
 Like others have said, Oliver Stone was the films flaw.  Had it been Tarantino-esque in it's directing, I think it would have had more appeal, and less of the headache flavor.
<p>This movie was excellent. A wonderful feel to it; very &quot;Mission: Impossible-esque.
<p>This movie was excellent. A wonderful feel to it; very &quot;Mission: Impossible-esque.
A great little gem of a movie, part documentary, part loony Coen Bros-esque black comedy.
This movie has almost none of the magic of the original. The Stifler-esque racist, the butthole cooks, it was just boring.
 There's even a  Kubrick-esque dream sequence at the end; as confusing and anti-resolution  as the end of 2001.
<p>This movie was excellent. A wonderful feel to it; very &quot;Mission: Impossible-esque.
 Aside from capturing the grittiness of Prohibition-era life, as opposed to the overly clean _Chicago_-esque images, this is an intellectual and emotional gangster film.
"Everyday" (also Gabriella and Troy) is in the same vein, a Britney-esque bouncer with a finale that seems literally straight out of a black church.
"Everyday" (also Gabriella and Troy) is in the same vein, a Britney-esque bouncer with a finale that seems literally straight out of a black church.
This movie gives us a very David Lyncian-esque look at Suburban life in the late 50's with a nice score by Jonathan Elias and Angelo Balantomi (Blue Velvet and City of Lost Children) and very well acted.
The standout of King's Four Past Midnight was the Twilight Zone-esque, The Langoliers, a very good entry into the time-twister category in an otherwise uneven collection of four King novellas.
Then there's just the weird visuals such as Jack's weird odyssey in the locker where it's almost Gilliam-esque in its weirdness but it becomes a slight running gag that is funny yes but it's kind of unneeded.
 Well, there is a bit of inspired casting with Leslie Nielsen as a G.W. Bush-esque president and I always like to see people make fun of "The Village", but ultimately it is pretty much like a Mad Magazine article.
Perhaps it's the PG rating, but I feel that the dark side of Montana--seamy, smoke-filled, Lolo-esque, where lost souls lurk in the shadows of drunkenness and addiction--is never fully realized (case-in-point: Paul, as well as Jessie's brother).
Stillman's debut, Metropolitan, is his most Allen-esque, right down to the simple opening credits sequence accompanied by jazz music.
My roommate describes this film as Stanley Kubrick-esque.
Very John Waters-esque, darkly funny comedy about a housewife (Carroll Baker) who supplements her income as a hair remover by running a murder  racket, specializing in hit ladies who take out kids and animals.
She needed that scene.<p>On one hand, also, I did get some enjoyment from the trippy 2001-esque sequences; on the other hand, though, some things in the film are just sloppily handled, like the choice of music at certain points.
She needed that scene.<p>On one hand, also, I did get some enjoyment from the trippy 2001-esque sequences; on the other hand, though, some things in the film are just sloppily handled, like the choice of music at certain points.
(Casablanca-esque)<br /><br />The "good German" in the modern film noir is the continually hunted Emil Brandt, whereas the good German of the older, East German film is the  haunted Hans Merten.
Jimbob" in these pages) that this is a modern Kurosawa-esque film.
Don't let the mild mannered Beatles' album-esque cover of this movie fool you.
Sleek cars, stuffy old men, and a Madonna-esque, high spirited girl are the ingredients of this 1980's comedy that has since reached cult status deservingly.
 It's punctuated at the right moments with a chedder-esque rock 'n roll soundtrack that'll make you laugh unintentionally, and all the enthusiastic acting of a B-movie.
Deep Roy (from "Big Fish" and "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory") sneaks in too, as the Napoleon-esque skelton.
The story is much closer to one of the Grimm's Fairy Tales, with no Tim Burton-esque moments added.
Sounds Ashton Kutcher-esque to me.
The piano duet sequence with Victor and Victoria playing a moody, Chopin-esque<br /><br />piece is moving, while the underground creatures warble wild Fats Waller-meets-Offenbach numbers.
If you are expecting Deepa Mehta-esque type story telling.
Deep Roy (from "Big Fish" and "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory") sneaks in too, as the Napoleon-esque skelton.
The story is much closer to one of the Grimm's Fairy Tales, with no Tim Burton-esque moments added.
Sounds Ashton Kutcher-esque to me.
The piano duet sequence with Victor and Victoria playing a moody, Chopin-esque<br /><br />piece is moving, while the underground creatures warble wild Fats Waller-meets-Offenbach numbers.
I love the music in the film, it's repetitive, addictive, and Fame-esque.
. . a letdown.<br /><br />From the laughable Leno-esque chins to the lack of crucial voice-overs (which had worked SO WELL when you had Bryan Cranston voicing Jim Gordon in Batman:Year One), to the terrible fight animations to the terrible added dialogue .
 well what is it then?  Hmm . . it's a strange mixture of a film.  For the most part the  film is a Warhol-esque depiction of a troubled artist (Fererra under the  pseudonym Jimmy Lane) descending into madness and paranoia, padded out with  art-lessly shot footage of drugged out punks and all set against a heavy  rock soundtrack.
This is a gorgeous fantasy epic with a hefty dose of Monty Python-esque comedy thrown in for good measure.
 The cast is pretty close to all star including Robin Williams, Uma Thurman as a Botticelli-esque Venus, John Neville and even Terry Gilliam himself.
The Ying-n-Yang of friends. They're similar in that Vaughn is that same kind of lounge-lizard-esque con man without a con, dimwitted with an air of ill-placed superiority and Favreau is his signature calm steady, studying fellow just trying to make it in the big bad voodoo world.
Sure, he has his share of American Pie-esque moments (an affair with his coach's wife rings a bell), but it's the bulk of the emotion of the film that falls on him.
An aggressive fridge with a mind of its own sounds Monty Python-esque when you first hear about it, but trust me, you won't be laughing by the end of the movie.
Even during combat, Gundam 0080 still feels relaxing. Very story-book-esque storyline.
If you are expecting Deepa Mehta-esque type story telling.
 Stephens, a spoiled rich kid, rigs a high school election  and, with his Jerry Lewis-esque sidekick Cricket, holds the hallways  hostage.
 At the beginning of the movie it feels like  another Star Trek - Battlestar Galactica-esque movie; you are in deep space  searching for a lost ship and then when you find it there are no life  signs.
Past that, the only original torture-esque thing they did was the room that fills up with sand.
John Constanstine". It's a mix of H.P. Lovecraft-esque horror, fantasy and action combined with some dazzling special effects and an intriguing story, the main character is quite a complex and tragic hero that shows us the way to hell and heaven in this movie.
 The female member of the posse is wearing Destiny's Child-esque midriff shirts.
 The conflict is room temperature at best.<p> I think they were hoping for a Firm-esque thing here, one got that feeling from the previews.
A particularly pleasing set is Caleb's bachelor pad-esque room, furnished to the nines beyond what any kid could afford.
I love Lily Tomlin's Disney-esque dream sequence, the one that causes the most problems.
Wayne's Bligh-like Dunson and Clift's Fletcher Christian-esque Garth are terrific characters in large part because the leisurely pace of the film gives them time to grow and change, gives us the audience a real feel that weeks have passed and that Dunson's growing madness - and Garth's growing sense of authority - aren't just sudden movie plot devices, but real changes in personality brought into place through real conditions.
Herman Rosse famous for his set designs created the other-worldly-esque, gothic watchtower laboratory.
I have never seen a film that can juggle Python-esque humor and Gladiator-esque emotion so well - nor have I seen a film that has even attempted it, let alone met with success!
 The surreal, Kafka-esque story that formed its basis was solid, and for the most part, the acting was up to snuff.
Reily (nice to see him doing drama again), the father is an oblivious Fred Flinstone-esque idiot that wants a friend more than a son.
Richard Robbins Glass-esque score was fresh and hypnotic, transporting us into the lush greenery and richly cloistered environment of the old house.
The striking visual effects and unrealistic video-game-esque scenes were artistically and purposefully done.
 I have the soundtrack and I'm a huge fan of the cabaret-esque version of Love is the Drug co-performed by the always stunning Carla Gugino.
Osunsami takes few chances with his footage here, and when he does, it has more to do with Blair-Witch-Project-esque first-person-cam fiddling than it does with trying to make the viewer claustrophobic (something the first half of The Descent does with chilling effectiveness).
The striking visual effects and unrealistic video-game-esque scenes were artistically and purposefully done.
 I have the soundtrack and I'm a huge fan of the cabaret-esque version of Love is the Drug co-performed by the always stunning Carla Gugino.
It's a role that was made for him. This movie has some cheesy scenes that are quite 1980s-esque, but you'll probably enjoy them.
This thing has a bizarre plotline, that leads our protagonist (a geeky-Jimmy Stewart-esque kinda guy) onto an island inhabited by his uncle Boris (rightly voiced by Boris Karloff) and an army of monsters that he created.
 These eyeborgs range from the Q-bert-esque two-legged walking cameras to human-sized crab walkers with multiple legs and a single eye.
 The series features the Mamet-esque super-sharp dialogue enabling a solid actor like Dennis Haysbert to add some great depth and interesting personality traits that most shows just don't feature.
While the more intense persona isn't seen, he nails that playboy-esque side of 007 as well as the resourceful and knowledgeable side who can shoot his way through anything.
 Hilarious!  Lorna Luft plays a Marilyn Monroe-esque Pink Lady and gets to sing her one  solo line in this scene.
Instead of adding to tension, these cuts into odd confessionals, jittery music video-esque blurbs, and photo negative images remove the viewer from the urgency of the scene, and make them too aware that they're watching movie.
"HUMAN ESSENCE" was a lame attempt at X-Files-esque horror in which Emma's junkie half-sister faced mutation-causing drugs in Vancouver.
It was the story of an Ed Cuffle-esque serial killer seemingly engineered by the Millennium Group.
Noah Wyle really surprised me, though. He's funny and nerdy-hot and an action hero all at once. It's Indiana Jones-esque.
And it wouldn't be a Star Wars-esque movie if it didn't have its comic relief, this time it comes in the guise of hapless wizard, Ergo.
His near silent performance steals every scene in a Chaplin / Keaton-esque way.
Are they merely a whimsical afterthought to the plot to give the kids some cartoonish mayhem or a Fellini-esque effort to disorient the audience even further in this already baffling world?
Instead I was disappointed to find an Indianna Jones-esque adventure.
i can say various things about why i love this movie, but most importantly i think is the hitchcock-esque atmoshpere and the dark alien underworld alongside the innocent down to earth relationship between kyle's and laura's characters play a lot on how a person will view the film.
 Large explosions and violence countered with a sneaky Sneakers-esque style subplot overshadowed the plot.
 Her mother, Christine, in all her Donna Reed-esque perfection  feels something is amiss and explores her own psyche to find the answers to her uneasy feelings.
 In a major Hollywood movie?  <p>To take a Michael Moore-esque view on one final note, we see common thugs and low-lives with automatic weapons wounding and killing innocents, and never even question how such dangerous weapons got into their hands, but somehow this is justified  when a bunch of guys in black kill them off one by one.
 It doesn't matter much these days what the topic surrounds, as long as there are long picture-esque images of Americana (or some other country), coupled with a tender moment, a blasting score, and sympathy towards anything - than the epic will reign supreme.
if you are looking for a Dirty Harry-esque cool fest from eastwood, you will be dissappointed.
 The same types of fade outs are used and the ending was shocking but in a sixth sense -esque way.
A year after the couragous mutant team known as the X-Men, there has been a terrorist mutant attack made by Devil-esque mutant named Nightcrawler (Alan Cumming) in the White House.
Everyone is extremely Barbie-esque - perfect posture, perfect hair, perfect nails, perfect smiles, all while wearing back-breaking high-heel shoes.
Bean-esque" non-dialogue (en francais plutot), and the general lack of plot.
 I was hoping for a horror movie with a twist and what I got instead was a 1.5 hour, Buffy-esque type story reminiscent of season 4 with the government run "Initiative.
Because of this air of secrecy, I went into the movie thinking it would probably feature an M Night-esque twist and ultimately get filed under "Things Rod Serling Did Better" (although I knew the dialogue and characterization would be better than Shyamalan's because of Joss Whedon's involvement).
Eddy (Josh Charles), a transfer student, finds himself assigned to room with a likeable yet Neanderthal-esque, Stuart (Stephen Baldwin), whose primary focus in life includes cutting corners, drinking, and conquering hapless women.
 For a historically based film, the least they could have added was a short PBS-esque documentary on actual code talkers.
 James Horner's mostly overplayed score -- except for the "Saving private Ryan"-esque overture and the occasional haunting "flutes" -- doesn't help.
Wonderful, lush 1920s period costuming and bucolic English countryside with a Vaughn Williams-esque music score draw you into the story of these lovers, and left me wanting more.
When these two worlds collide, what happens, but laughter and very disney-esque singing.
It's about an animated world's evil witch-queen that casts a Snow-White-esque character into real world NYC in order to keep The Prince from marrying her.
Princess Giselle (Amy Adams) is a young, Snow White-esque character that spends her days cleaning her house, singing with her animal friends and awaiting the day her prince charming will come and sweep her off of her feet.
i can say various things about why i love this movie, but most importantly i think is the hitchcock-esque atmoshpere and the dark alien underworld alongside the innocent down to earth relationship between kyle's and laura's characters play a lot on how a person will view the film.
David Lynch's take on Dune is nothing short of pretty darn good. It definitely gets weird (a.k.a. David Lynch-esque) in places, but overall the feel and tone of the movie are wonderful.
 Very Frankenstein-esque.
Here we have a Matrix-esque VR Club and a couple of stupid teens talking about changing everything.
 The visuals in the movie are very 1970s-esque - especially the lighting - which stays in perfect stride with the time period.
Although the overall plot was amazing, I could not help but be sidetracked by some of the ridiculously soap-opera-esque sub-plots.
 This suspect, like Toulouse-Lautrec is a dwarf; his house boasts Mondrian-esque stained windows; a particularly brutal murder is framed against Jackson Pollock-like decor.
 This suspect, like Toulouse-Lautrec is a dwarf; his house boasts Mondrian-esque stained windows; a particularly brutal murder is framed against Jackson Pollock-like decor.
No, this isn't standard Hollywood-esque fare; No, this isn't a penetrating psycho-analysis of one man's life or of an extreme sport; No, this isn't even great film-making.
 Add to that the fact that she has Audrey Hepburn-esque beauty (a grand statement to make, I know, but she won me over on first glance), and you'd think she'd be a star for a long time.
"No WMD in Iraq"; "It's all about Oil (not answering Islamic terror)"; evil fat, Haliberton-esque Montana Senator; good, but ineffective, executive branch and US Attorneys; bad Congress and its secret operatives (evil Serbian sniper).
 Seems the good Colonel is actually a subversive government agent working for a Dick Cheney-esque senator, Charles F.
God is referred to as a rather pathetic Hitler-esque character that says he loves, but he destroys and will destroy you as well unless you "say you love God".
 You come to enjoy characters quickly, and unfortunately in many cases watch them fall.  The battles are very Gladiator-esque (for obvious reasons) but they take nothing away, merely enhancing the choas of all out war.
Next up is the Spectre, which takes a different tone with a creepy film noir-esque vibe.
...to be oh-so-hip, so Tarantino-esque.
 In the games, Liu Kang was always one of my least favorite characters, due to his overblown Bruce Lee-esque imitation, but this film removes that, preventing him from being annoying.
It's a very Alfred Hitchcock-esque movie that offers excellent performances and a very horrific torture scene that is guaranteed not for the faint of heart, anyone who enjoys thrillers and shockers i recommend this movie.
 Not to mention the fact that when Doom switches to it's first person-esque view towards the climax, that's when the film goes into complete and utter cheese territory.
 She is an actress whose young son begins uttering Freddy-esque threats as the city is rocked by earthquakes.
 Nair could have pulled a Gandhi-esque moment for us by countering the horrible acting with beautiful images of India.
 The cinematography and editing is first-rate, a real feast for the eyes, and I enjoyed the Ella-esque mid-century Jazz score.
 The first half of the movie, in which our hero is in a Grand Theft Auto-esque virtual world, looks wonderful.
The rest was just... too predictable. Killer leaves a clue, police arrive just in time to find a gory murder with Poe-esque flavor from one of his stories.
 The first story is about a cigar store wooden Indian that comes to life for some Charles Bronson-esque revenge when some hoodlums rob the general store and kill the owner, played by George Kennedy("Be sure.
At age 30, the uncompromising Bette Davis won her second Best Actress Oscar for her portrait as an 1852-esque Southern femme fatale set against the backdrop of antebellum New Orleans in the midst of a yellow fever outbreak.
 In a major Hollywood movie?  <p>To take a Michael Moore-esque view on one final note, we see common thugs and low-lives with automatic weapons wounding and killing innocents, and never even question how such dangerous weapons got into their hands, but somehow this is justified  when a bunch of guys in black kill them off one by one.
 Bruce Willis is wonderful as the Rambo-esque superguy who outwits, outplays, and outlasts the heavily-armed killers, and reveals just enough of his tender side to endear his character to the audience.
 She is an actress whose young son begins uttering Freddy-esque threats as the city is rocked by earthquakes.
Very Tarantino-esque, but Duffy leaves Tarantino for dead.
I was more or less expecting a Tarantino-esque crime movie with some wierdass characters and lots of cursing, which is more or less what I got.
I would've preferred either a longer film with a more fleshed out progression of events, or a more Tarantino/Scorcese-esque approach giving the actors more time to indulge us with their characters peculiarities.
To start, Boondock Saints is blatently inspired by the Tarentino-esque style that has seemed to become popular among the indie crowd lately.
Boondock Saints is an odd movie, know that going in.  It has some Tarantino-esque violence and surreal humor.
In a Skywalker-esque plot twist at the end, the three team up to execute a mobster as he pleads innocent in the courtroom.
 And I'll take a good Tarantino-esque vibe anyday.
 The "Dutch" guy appears out of nowhere, and he's made out to be some sort of super-killer, Hannible Lector-esque character but the only thing really said about him was something like "they only use him when things get really bad.
 From some great, Scorsese-esque tracking shots inside the train to claustrophobic cityscapes to expansive cinematography of the Indian countryside, the setting figures as extensively in this movie as Anderson's old high school in Rushmore or the high seas in The Life Aquatic, adding another layer of the personality that's always set Anderson movies apart.
Brooks" with a graphic novel-esque feel not unlike `A History of Violence', especially with Hurt again hamming it up in a campy cameo type performance that is hard to beat.
I didn't even need a story- I'd watch hours of the luscious Dali-esque landscapes, flowing ethereal fabric, and twisted Kevorkian-esque creations that make up this film.
Wrong!<p>Moreover, while the imagery in the film is visually stunning and, oftentimes, quite beautiful, almost Dali-esque in its conception and execution, it cannot carry and sustain the film, when the plot and story line thin out.
I have never seen a film that can juggle Python-esque humor and Gladiator-esque emotion so well - nor have I seen a film that has even attempted it, let alone met with success!
&quot;Evil Dead&quot; is indeed without question, the BEST zombie-esque movie since &quot;Night Of The Living Dead&quot;, and is a non-stop thrill ride at every turn!
Just wasted $3.99 on this video. Highschool-esque actors, recycled Lord-of-the-Rings props, road movie storyline.
 And for someone expecting to see a new Final Fantasy-esque storyline on the silver screen, my expectations were not met.
 OR, every time Feldman has another Michael Jackson-esque wardrobe change!
 Movements are stylized, drawing more inspiration from modern dance movements than Tarentino-esque action flicks.
The plot is a Batman-esque good versus evil story of general mayhem, kidnapping, and fisticuffs.
The music is very intricately orchestrated and sung and the look is very Burton-esque in it's stylized appearance.
Those looking for a Guinea Pig-esque experience will no doubt be grandly disappointed by all this.
Maybe. This film has PLENTY of each depicted in explicit, oozing, Burroughs-esque detail.
 I figured, at best, it  would be an NYPD Blue without all the embarrasingly soap-opera-esque  personal tragedies and stilted, robotic dialogue.
 The same types of fade outs are used and the ending was shocking but in a sixth sense -esque way.
First, there was the demon-esque vampire makeup.
After megadoses of Terminator-esque computerized special effects, I love a good low budget flick where the film makers make the most with what they have.
The only person who comes close to being a funny "Farrelly Brothers-esque" type character is Lenny, the Michael Jordan of the Special Olympics.
The actors are easy on the eyes and believable (particularly the low-key, girl-next-door-esque Lori Heuring).
 Kiefer Sutherland's Peter Lorre-esque dialogue is kind of annoying, but you get used to it, and it's interesting to see him so vulnerable and weak, like Bruce Willis in "12 Monkeys" or Denzel Washington in "The Manchurian Candidate (2004)".
 Rufus Sewell, Jennifer Connoly, and William Hurt are more than passable, and Kiefer Sutherland's perfomance as a Lorre-esque psychologist must be seen to be believed.
Christopher Walken has a great time doing a parody of himself throughout the movie. He's hilarious as he does his Walken-esque soliloquies for everyone except the people that might actually have gotten a clue from his ramblings and figured out that this backwoods bad guy has more than one screw loose.
Watching this movie, I was struck by the fact that no matter how quickly fashions change in the jungle-esque hubs of the capitalist world's great metropolises: clothes, clubs, music - it's all here one day but by next week its shuffled out by the next wave of whatever - the fundamental dynamics of growing out of adolescence in these places is still the same, some twenty five years on.
Add to this powder keg the Billy Jack-esque Indian guy that wants to preserve the land.
 To his credit, he doesn't rip off John Williams, though the music does have a Bernard Herrman-esque sound to it.
 Yep, toss in the Shatner-esque late model Doug McLure, an evil  Vic Morrow, and a few dozen convincing salmon monsters and you have a  Corman classic.
 Never  mind the boyfriends, they're quickly dispatched in a shower of red dye.  Marvel at the Prophecy-esque sub-plot between the local Indian trying to  save his land and Vic Morrow, resident bully.
Just in case anyone misses the point, there's a psuedo-Jan Hammer-esque rock insturmental playing during the scene where Kirk &amp; Co.
What keeps the movie from being another "Dangerous Minds"-esque film is Dunne's own inner turmoil, and the opposing character played by Anthony Mackie, who is also trying to "help" Drey by getting her to deal drugs with him.
Though there is a love interest for Molly as well, a Morrissey-esque rock singer (Jesse Spencer) she meets at her birthday party, I wouldn't call this a romantic comedy either, as this fellow isn't the main focus of the film, and their relationship isn't exactly conventional.
The film has been categorized as Tarantino-esque.
The film has been categorized as Tarantino-esque.
It's also a bit more movie-esque in the more bigger action scenes, making it a bit more dynamic.
I am delighted to have new MST3K-esque material, but with so many wretched movies out there begging for commentary tracks, I would have preferred to watch something (anything) other than this.
 It has an almost Troma-esque feel to it (and if you're considering buying this movie, you know who Troma is).
The Asylum might have just found itself a Fanning-esque prodigy.
Wimmer draws not only on his own Equilibrium, but also on vampire movies and basically any generic sci-fi-esque thriller, and combines them all together with Milla Jovovich, who does a decent job at selling her character and looks pretty darned good too.
As you can imagine, the tension rises as everyone accuses everyone else of being an alien, and a Macarthy-esque hunt ensues.
The plot while somewhat predictably martial arts-esque keeps you interested as you grow vested into the characters.
haha). The first story is a western-esque love story involving English aristocrat Lady Sarah Ashley (played by Nicole Kidman) and "the Drover" played by Hugh Jackman.
A widescreen presentation that is CinemaScope-esque.
 The Burroughs-esque world portrayed here by Cronenberg is dark and stark, providing the perfect ambience for this sinister story.
The girl grows up to be a stripper, played blandly by a Lolita-esque Jessica Alba.
The characters ramble on in moments of deep thought, revealing what makes them tick. It's filled to the brim with Arnold-esque one-liners.
There's also a lot of Tarantino-esque recursion in the plot line (not to mention that the character of Miho is straight out the Crazy-88 in _Kill Bill_, and so are her weapons), reminiscent of _Pulp Fiction_: The beginning isn't necessarily the beginning, nor is the end the end.
The "special-effects" graphics and video manipulation delivering cartoon-esque visual cinema has been done ad nauseum--"Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid", "Roger Rabbitt", "Forrest Gump", "Gladiator", are all better examples of like talents used to better results.
The girl grows up to be a stripper, played blandly by a Lolita-esque Jessica Alba.
 The fighting is spot on and even the banter is Star wars-esque.
at one point older brother uses "Kafka-esque" in describing Kafka, and you're embarrassed for Baumbach, the actor, and the character, in that order.
 The movie itself is very Wes Anderson-esque, but Baumbach has been doing his own thing for over ten years and there are definitely distinctions.
When Walter Berkman is discussing Franz Kafka's story "The Metamorphosis" with Sophie Greenberg, he calls it Kafka-esque.
Sex with you is really a Kafka-esque experience.
 And yet he went with an off-the-wall sci-fi theme that Lucas struggles to make Indy-esque.
 It's that Gilliam-esque mastery of the absurd; treat it as if it happens  every day.
 The 7  1/2 floor is almost &quot;Gilliam-esque&quot;- in fact, when I first saw  the preview I assumed it was Terry Gilliam's (Brazil, 12 Monkeys) newest  film.
 Westerns are supposed to be either John Wayne-esque fantasies or gritty realistic dramas.
 It almost reminded me of the Japanese series Lone Wolf & Cub, especially the showdown in the Kurosawa-esque oppressive, sheeting rain.
But that's so strange, isn't it,...Tom Hanks in a mobster-esque role,.
Ruggles.<br /><br />This movie is Capra-esque in that it addresses social ills for what they are, doesn't try to sugarcoat reality, but instead, shows what could happen when a positive person with the right mindset relizes injustice and decides to make a stand, all the while keeping one entertained with charming humor.
 All in all, "The American" is not at all the Jason Bourne-esque picture that it is advertised to be so if you are looking for a movie with some action, I would suggest skipping this film.
This is a well thought out, well acted drama movie. If you're expecting Michael Bay-esque explosions and ridiculous gunfights just walk away.
 The same can be said for the cardboard-esque representation that we witnessed from Maud Adams.
 Elisha Cuthbert is ethereal, with a Marilyn Monroe-esque appeal.
 Even if you don't like boxing, even if you're hoping for a ROCKY-esque film, you won't be disappointed in MILLION DOLLAR BABY.
As the plot unfolds it becomes more and more Clive Barker-esque.
We get some Hollywood-esque sappiness creeping up on us from time to time, especially concerning the relationship between the writer ( Sebastian Koch ) and the actress ( Martina Gedeck ).
The Mushi, fantasy-esque creatures who exist just outside of our world while still interacting with it, are shown at a rate of one primary focus per episode as creatures who are victims of nothing more than their own evolutionary biology.
 You come to enjoy characters quickly, and unfortunately in many cases watch them fall.  The battles are very Gladiator-esque (for obvious reasons) but they take nothing away, merely enhancing the choas of all out war.
 Bales' transformation from the buff, he-man-esque physique that those expect from seeing him in Batman Begins, Reign of Fire, or American Psycho, to the incredibly gaunt, emaciated Trevor Reznick is on par with the transformations that Robert De Niro went through in Raging Bull, and more recently Charlize Theron in Monster.
With breathtaking animation as only Pixar can provide, nonstop comedy, James Bond-esque chase sequences, and wildly caricatured characters, Ratatouille is easily one of the best films of the summer.
A Disney-esque fable about a self-taught rat who becomes a great chef by pulling the hair on a dopey kid who happens to be the illegitimate offspring of another great chef.
Ashley Judd was WAY too Hollywood-esque (is that a word?
Long before Disney's version of Zorro (starring Guy Madison) hit TV, I learned about Zorro and his Robin Hood-esque exploits in the old Republic serials shown then.
The amazon review for this film says "that is boring to describe a movie as tarantino-esque, but that this film fits the shoe".
A Guy Ritchie esque plot with confusing changing alliances in the gangster world. And Tarantino-esque dialogue.
The zombies are classic shambling Romero-esque creatures, not Olympic sprinter zombies, which should please the purists out there.
I think both are partially correct; the idea of the Rube Goldberg-esque supernatural death almost certainly came down to Final Destination through the original Omen, but the feel of the deaths here is very twenty-first century.
 American cinema is not strong on surrealism, but this is a worthy foray into the genre.  There is a Dali-esque beast that inhabits the landscape which is absolutely inspired.
Playing the Keanu-esque foil to McConaughey's Swayze, Christian Bale returns every hardened stare, lets no machismo go unanswered, no muscle flex go un-flexed back at, and he'll be damned if he puts a shirt on either.
 Also it is really refreshing to see a movie about love and relationships that doesn't focus on model-esque twenty something guys and gals.
Nightmares, hello! He appears in an almost Adam & Eve-esque scenario.
 The Kill-Bill-esque animated scene is neat but still not needed.
Namely the character Augra is being dubbed with Frank Oz's Miss Piggy-esque voice over and of course there is no music or post-production.
 On the way, he encounters Keira, a girl gelfling, her pomeranian-esque pet, Fizgig (a creature with two sets of teeth and a raging temper), the musical potlins (little hippy creatures who have a lust for life and great music), and many other twists and turns.
Namely the character Augra is being dubbed with Frank Oz's Miss Piggy-esque voice over and of course there is no music or post-production.
 On the way, he encounters Keira, a girl gelfling, her pomeranian-esque pet, Fizgig (a creature with two sets of teeth and a raging temper), the musical potlins (little hippy creatures who have a lust for life and great music), and many other twists and turns.
 The apes inhabit a Flintstone-esque city and are divided into three different castes, the Orangutangs, who are the politicans and keepers of the faith, and seemingly the caste in absolute control, the Gorillas, whoa re the workers and the soldiers, and who seem to occupy the lowest position, and the Chimpanzees, who are the scientists and intellectuals.
However, even if Pee Wee Herman-esque humor isn't your cup of tea, the movie does have a strong message about the strength of family, another message about honesty, another one about how kids can make a difference, and the movie has one of the best Latin American casts of all time.
 You bet!  What made the Max Payne video game so good was its noir-ish undertones, graphic novel-esque presentation, and blood-pumping moments of action.
 You bet!  What made the Max Payne video game so good was its noir-ish undertones, graphic novel-esque presentation, and blood-pumping moments of action.
 You bet!  What made the Max Payne video game so good was its noir-ish undertones, graphic novel-esque presentation, and blood-pumping moments of action.
But at least this film has some good shootouts which lets this film just barely avoid sucking. I also liked the noir-esque feeling of the film that tried to feel somewhat like the cinematic masterpiece Sin City.
Rent before you buy.<br />THE GOOD: Most of the action scenes, some nice CGI-effects and a noir-esque feeling, and the music.
However, even if Pee Wee Herman-esque humor isn't your cup of tea, the movie does have a strong message about the strength of family, another message about honesty, another one about how kids can make a difference, and the movie has one of the best Latin American casts of all time.
. . <p>. . . and so it is with `Memento', a pastiche of Jim<br />Thompson-esque crime cliches complicated, but not<br />deepened, by a fairly original cinematic device.
Herman Rosse famous for his set designs created the other-worldly-esque, gothic watchtower laboratory.
"No WMD in Iraq"; "It's all about Oil (not answering Islamic terror)"; evil fat, Haliberton-esque Montana Senator; good, but ineffective, executive branch and US Attorneys; bad Congress and its secret operatives (evil Serbian sniper).
 Seems the good Colonel is actually a subversive government agent working for a Dick Cheney-esque senator, Charles F.
 The outrageous gore and humor are very Jackson-esque in Body Melt.
Robert Redford is also perfect as a  'wholesome', nave underdog champion (you can almost feel a JFK-esque aura  around him).
Being the first part of "The Night Chronicles," "Devil" is less a straightforward horror movie than an Agatha Christie-esque occult mystery.
Being the first part of "The Night Chronicles," "Devil" is less a straightforward horror movie than an Agatha Christie-esque occult mystery.
 Olga is played by Natascha McElhone.  Ms. McElhone is fortunate to have been blessed with model-esque good looks; if you look carefully you can see her being out-acted by a footstool, a washstand, and a pair of knitting needles.
 If that matters to you.<br /><br />Apparently there are a lot of tokers who love this kind of Tarantino-esque stuff along with their pot-themed Apatow comedy, but it mostly just didn't work for me.
This incident would begin the buddy comedy-esque story filled with cat and mouse style pursuing, ridiculous humor in between, moderate violence and a shootout towards the end of the flick.
Some might find the comparison unfair, but it really isn't. Both have that Jerry Bruckheimer-esque action quality to them.
I respect your right to not like this movie.<br /><br />"Elephant" is a response to the rash of Columbine-esque killings.
This film  gives no explanation, no backstory, and no judgment as it presents a Columbine-esque tragedy at a high school: two boys plan to shoot as many people as they can on a regular afternoon when everyone is going about their business and nobody sees it coming.
 The apes inhabit a Flintstone-esque city and are divided into three different castes, the Orangutangs, who are the politicans and keepers of the faith, and seemingly the caste in absolute control, the Gorillas, whoa re the workers and the soldiers, and who seem to occupy the lowest position, and the Chimpanzees, who are the scientists and intellectuals.
 The apes inhabit a Flintstone-esque city and are divided into three different castes, the Orangutangs, who are the politicans and keepers of the faith, and seemingly the caste in absolute control, the Gorillas, whoa re the workers and the soldiers, and who seem to occupy the lowest position, and the Chimpanzees, who are the scientists and intellectuals.
the Scotland of Trainspotting is a rather depressing land of dingy, Detroit-esque post-industrial decay, and even the natural beauty of the local highlands isn't enough to overcome the cynicism that's overtaken Renton and most of his friends.
 Kiefer Sutherland's Peter Lorre-esque dialogue is kind of annoying, but you get used to it, and it's interesting to see him so vulnerable and weak, like Bruce Willis in "12 Monkeys" or Denzel Washington in "The Manchurian Candidate (2004)".
 Rufus Sewell, Jennifer Connoly, and William Hurt are more than passable, and Kiefer Sutherland's perfomance as a Lorre-esque psychologist must be seen to be believed.
Blow Out is another of Brian De Palma's Hitchcockian-esque yarns, and it's definitely one of his best.
While I appreciate his Lewis Black-esque angry enthusiasm, there's nothing thought-provoking or original in here.
 The cinematography is the strongest aspect of this movie.  You'll be transported into a beautiful Eden-esque valley that seems too good to be true.
I didn't even need a story- I'd watch hours of the luscious Dali-esque landscapes, flowing ethereal fabric, and twisted Kevorkian-esque creations that make up this film.
Wrong!<p>Moreover, while the imagery in the film is visually stunning and, oftentimes, quite beautiful, almost Dali-esque in its conception and execution, it cannot carry and sustain the film, when the plot and story line thin out.
Lector look like a Sesame Street character. Bale's cold, charismatic, misogynist turn is riveting. His James Bondian-esque face changes to the devilish mask with the reptilian eyes so rapidly, that your blood would freeze.
Whereas Travis Bickle (DeNiro) had an almost innocent, Holden Caulfield-esque outlook on life and the drive to be a heroic figure that saves the world, Patrick Bateman sees the world as an extension of his "greed and disgust".
 Or maybe it's the Percy-esque element of his films.
I've always been a fan of this movie, the Rock.  Michael Bay catches a lot of flak about his Hollywood-esque action movies, but you can't find anyone that knows action better than him.
Sigmund's two brothers are stupid, and mean. His mother is batty, and mean. And the father is Archie Bunker-esque - and mean.
They had used the ending from the book rather than a hollywood-esque sort of ending.
in contrast with the sad lonely isolated reality. Jennifer Connely & the young Sixth Sense-esque actress deserve an OSCAR as they played true to life-like but with a STAR studded shine.
 The apes inhabit a Flintstone-esque city and are divided into three different castes, the Orangutangs, who are the politicans and keepers of the faith, and seemingly the caste in absolute control, the Gorillas, whoa re the workers and the soldiers, and who seem to occupy the lowest position, and the Chimpanzees, who are the scientists and intellectuals.
 The apes inhabit a Flintstone-esque city and are divided into three different castes, the Orangutangs, who are the politicans and keepers of the faith, and seemingly the caste in absolute control, the Gorillas, whoa re the workers and the soldiers, and who seem to occupy the lowest position, and the Chimpanzees, who are the scientists and intellectuals.
The people waiting at the train station only to watch stunned as it races by empty and on fire is also a good Spielberg-esque moment.
i can say various things about why i love this movie, but most importantly i think is the hitchcock-esque atmoshpere and the dark alien underworld alongside the innocent down to earth relationship between kyle's and laura's characters play a lot on how a person will view the film.
 The visuals in the movie are very 1970s-esque - especially the lighting - which stays in perfect stride with the time period.
With a witty Marty Stouffer-&quot;Wild America&quot;-esque-meets-Disney's-Goofy narration by David Hyde Pierce (Niles from &quot;Frasier&quot;), this film is a quite funny and creative take on the Modern dating (sex) scene-from an Alien's persepective.
I had already purchased and/or rented every other scary movie I could find, so (despite the tacky pirate-esque cover) I decided to order this one.
It's a very Cronenberg-esque thriller with plenty of good stuff for everyone especially horror/Sci-fi fanatics and special effects junkies.
Gilda gets wilder to test the limits of this bodyguard and pushes him to the brink. She performs a Latin-esque song/dance number "Amado Mio" that spells out her feelings.
 While I heartily enjoy the Pixar films and many other 3D-esque animated features.
Weird little Chucky-esque dolls pound on drums (poorly animated) while he leaps around psychedelic tribal imagery for no apparent reason.
 The songs are cute and Disney-esque, and Alice's adventures inspire all of the many imaginative people out in the world.
Yes, it was a little High Fidelity-esque as it recounted relationships-gone-by, but it was new life in an old mold.
Aside from the obvious fights with The Lizard that would've been too difficult to stage physically, the parkour-esque running around on walls, the acrobatic flips and mid-air twists, and even the way he slinged his arms and shot his webbing felt a lot more in-tune with the character.
The episode seemed nothing but a poorly written work of fan fiction and some James Bond/Dr Who-esque conglomeration.
Paul W. S. Anderson (writer and director) chose the slow, horror-esque build up of the original 'Alien' over the action adventure feeling of 'Aliens'.
 The Kafka-esque storyline is meant to be so outrageous as to be funny and if taken in that spirit many of the scenes are very entertaining indeed.
In a D.W. Griffith-esque silent film - a parody of "The Birth of a Nation" -- the new government hunts down "Dishonest Abe" Lincoln, who had been fleeing to Canada in the company of Harriet Tubman.
It was highly enjoyable and scary enough for my taste in its B movie way. Some great John Carpenter-esque performances.
 Though Carpenter enlists certain elements that may be stereotypical, such as the Romero-esque zombies and the notion of all-encompassing evil attempting to over-take good, Carpenter adds his own unique twists.
 He meets a Heidi-esque girl and falls in love, and they too, end up in space.
 It also has a definite <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000GW8UAE">Simon & Simon - Season One</a>-esque feel to it, being as it is the story of two unlikely and completely opposite partners and the more-than-it-seems adventure they find themselves falling into.
Personally, that's my favourite part of the film; an almost storybook-esque sequence and still so breathtakingly fluid and full of life, living Po's dream of his possible life as a warrior.
 This is not the shoddy Ted Turner-esque colorization of the 1980s, and the advance of technology in the interim decades certainly shows in a positive way.
 I really liked the characters of Cher and Josh and their sibling-esque rivalry that blossomed into love and a lot of the parallels with the book were funny, but this isn't one of my favorite movies or even adaptations.
Nightmares, hello! He appears in an almost Adam & Eve-esque scenario.
Pokemon.<br />We also get to see the short film, Pikachu's Vacation, which is VERY silly and Loony Tunes-esque(Heck, 4Kids redid the music to make it sound JUST like a Bugs Bunny cartoon!
But it doesn't. The film enters an almost DEMOLITION MAN-esque world (which, while a fun movie, isn't exactly the best film to emulate), filled with underground types that can either smuggle you out of the country away from the men and women of The Union (the greedy corporation that manufactures and supplies the artificial organs.
While this may not have the glamour of a Bond-esque spy adventure, this will certainly be regarded as an important and possibly classic spy movie.
Aside from the obvious fights with The Lizard that would've been too difficult to stage physically, the parkour-esque running around on walls, the acrobatic flips and mid-air twists, and even the way he slinged his arms and shot his webbing felt a lot more in-tune with the character.
Either way, you'll either be severely depressed or immensely amused by what transpires, from the Lifetime-esque opening credits to the painfully bad showdown in the end.
And, I might mention, in that second half of the season, the show's darkness is consumed by sitcom-esque comedy.
 This is not the shoddy Ted Turner-esque colorization of the 1980s, and the advance of technology in the interim decades certainly shows in a positive way.
 He is absolutely not Caretaker.  He was not the smart, Jiminy Cricket-esque character that Crewe needed to see what was important to him in the long run.
This movie is the best movie ever made.  This movie is filled with memeorable quotes, including Father Ridley's sermon-esque opinions about VD.
I have never seen a film that can juggle Python-esque humor and Gladiator-esque emotion so well - nor have I seen a film that has even attempted it, let alone met with success!
 Look at the SPACE MARINE board and video games, and read past HEAVY METAL  issues and look for &quot;Alien-esque&quot; storylines ( where a bunch of  people are out destroying aliens &amp; bugs with cool weaponry ).
Director James Cameron takes us more into an action oriented Alien movie then the horror-esque type of the first film, and it's done extremely well, engrossing you (for the most part) from the first scene, to the very last.
My only complaint is the narrator. Her voice and comments are too 'peppy, go get 'em tiger-esque'.
 The comical line "Lois Lane?" that he sputters while brushing his teeth (it had a certain Scooby-esque quality) and the even more comical physical acting he does a little later where he keeps prompting Lois to say a certain name so he can unleash the hounds at her.
All in all, great for Bey/Bruckheimer-esque entertainment, but horrible in everything else.
 The Kill-Bill-esque animated scene is neat but still not needed.
 Norman Reedus, the weaselly-villain-esque character had angry eyes and an obsession with power .
Oddly enough, the Bladerunner-esque buildings throughout the movie also help to establish the feeling of urgency, and the sensation of teetering on the edge of something great, something that we cannot possibly understand.
 It doesn't matter much these days what the topic surrounds, as long as there are long picture-esque images of Americana (or some other country), coupled with a tender moment, a blasting score, and sympathy towards anything - than the epic will reign supreme.
If not for the PG-13 rating, G.I. Joe-esque "laser bullets," and occasional moments of cheese and campiness, I'd probably be so bold as to consider this "quintessential" for action junkies.
 Stratham demonstrates his kick-boxing talents and makes mush out of anyone who crosses him.  But it's the suave, Bond-esque manner in which his character conducts his "business" that makes this a really cool flick.
 Yet the couple is married in a Hindu-esque environment (Indian music, the bride and her attendants wear saris, the wedding cake boasts a huge elephant.
I love how the film has a mix of fantasy with H.P. Lovecraft-esque themes to it and of course some good timed humor mixed in, this is one of the greatest comic book movies in recent memory and a true must see!
 The "Labyrinth"-esque set at the end is particularly good.
I love how the film has a mix of fantasy with H.P. Lovecraft-esque themes to it and of course some good timed humor mixed in, this is one of the greatest comic book movies in recent memory and a true must see!
 The "Labyrinth"-esque set at the end is particularly good.
 There's no Shyamalan-esque twist at the end with some dime-store revelation.
 The apes inhabit a Flintstone-esque city and are divided into three different castes, the Orangutangs, who are the politicans and keepers of the faith, and seemingly the caste in absolute control, the Gorillas, whoa re the workers and the soldiers, and who seem to occupy the lowest position, and the Chimpanzees, who are the scientists and intellectuals.
I've read the comic multiple times and while I can appreciate Jeph Loeb trying his hand at some Grant Morrison-esque plot twists involving a time-traveling Superman, the film takes out all that convoluted goofiness and is much more accessible to the casual fan.
He's, what, 43 years old? And he's playing an Evel Knievel-esque, motocyclying hotshot who jumps everything from cars to spinning helicopter blades?
 Very Frankenstein-esque.
Here we have a Matrix-esque VR Club and a couple of stupid teens talking about changing everything.
There is the Versace-esque Italian designer (Paul Sirvino) who must face health and family crises.
But the ultimate booby prize goes to BARB WIRE. And what boobies! From the opening FLASHDANCE-esque strip club routine, in which millions of gallons of water are sprayed onto heroine Pamela Anderson's bared casabas, Barb Wire is a perky paean to the wonders of silicone.
Stark, strange existentialist dialogue (and exchanged matchbooks) and low, burbly Broken Social Scene-esque carries it.
This film is as Burton-esque as BEETLEJUICE, EDWARD SCISSORHANDS and BATMAN RETURNS (and everything else that Burton has done).
Frankenstein. Shelley Duvall and Daniel Stern play his very Leave It To Beaver-esque parents.
Cue some rather Star Trek: The Next Generation Data-esque musings on the nature of humanity and some rather more traditional Red Dwarf musings on how Kryten can cope with his new human sexual organs.
the old jim halpert would NEVER do these!!<br /><br />i vote the "who done it" episode, "where they play that "clue-esque" board game to find out who the fictional murdererer was to distract everyone of what's really going on; which was inevidentily dunder mifflins demise, as the worst episode in season 6.
Peter Miles is chillingly realistic as Davros' Nazi-esque aide Security Commander Nyder, and Michael Wisher does a wonderful Davros, totaly amoral and perfectly willing to destroy his own race to further his mad experiment.
 The main story (the arson) felt peppered into a dull, dry, Lifetime-esque movie.
 (You can immediately see the difference the moment Charles Previn's George Gerschwin-esque music kicks in).
 Madonna plays a scheming, Betty Davis-esque golddigger (surprise) who destroys men by oversexing them with her body!
 The conflict is room temperature at best.<p> I think they were hoping for a Firm-esque thing here, one got that feeling from the previews.
A particularly pleasing set is Caleb's bachelor pad-esque room, furnished to the nines beyond what any kid could afford.
Also, if you're looking to make Muppet-esque puppets, I think this video lends itself more to that style.
Around the last third of the feature, however, they start to add more interview-esque commentary about the overall experience of the film itself, their general feelings of the characters and writing, and how good of a finished product they ended up making.
Surprisingly the haunting, and very Reznor-esque, music complimented the movie really well.
Along with the use of natural sound, it creates a credible documentary-esque ambience.
 There is still a sort of Rocky-esque flavour hovering around the set, with foreshadowing and important plot points steamrolled over by the seemingly non-sequitor dialogue and zany goings-on, but I didn`t find that this damaged the entertainment value any more than it did RH.
Then there is the other main music theme playing periodically throughout the film: a Glinka-esque piano.
 For example: I love dialogue in Scorsese, Tarantino-esque movies, and I could have very easily obsessed over the lack of dialogue in The New World, and it would have caused me to miss all the good stuff.
fun.  Chameleon-esque bounty hunters (Flanagan), sexy black widows (Keys and Henson), brute force anarchists (Pine, Durand, and Sterling), mookish bail bondsmen (Affleck), wild cards, and black suits descend on the Nomad on the same fatal day.
**1/2<br /><br />Joe Carnahan`s "Smokin' Aces" is a Tarantino-esque crime drama with a cast of characters almost as extensive  as the one in "War and Peace.
Okay, perhaps it was not at the level of `Michael Moore'-esque conspiracy theories, but after witnessing such disasters as The Whole Ten Yards, Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights, and Exorcist: The Beginning you have to wonder why studios would intentionally ruin viable stand-alone films.
 Although not a highly original or edgy film, it does goes well beyond the barriers of a typical Disney-esque movie.
 And at least that one had the restraint to refrain from drill-bra versus chainsaw duels and Power Ranger-esque ninja death squads.
Each of them represents a philosophy. Vernita Green is the repentant killer; O-Ren is the megalomaniacal, Caligula-esque nihilist; Budd is a fatalistic, quiet nihilist; Elle is ambitious, cruel and spiteful.
Fun and Tarantino-esque, but wait for the special ed.
Okay, so the Epcot-esque finale is more fromage than homage, and is remniscent of the touchy-feely, ending of THE ABYSS.
The evil, zombie-esque monarch has plans to use the pig's abilities to locate the Black Cauldron, a demonic, enchanted cauldron with the power to create an army of undead and unstoppable warriors.
Unlike the so-so comic book-esque TOMBSTONE, WYATT EARP tells the real story and takes its time doing so.
 This duo evidently wanted to capture a somber Louis L'Amour-esque look on-screen (the costuming is a dead giveaway), as their tragic interpretation of Earp's life story often resembles an Old West version of "The Godfather," replacing mobsters with frontier cops.
 Returning to Missouri to study law under his grandfather (Giorgio E. Tripoli), a judge, he revives a Dante-esque romance with Urilla Sutherland (Annabeth Gish), marries her, loses her to typhoid within a year, and goes on a nine-month drunk that ends when he steals a horse and is bailed out by his father.
 Ending the Cold War and nuclear arms is an important message  -- too bad the campy sixties-style Batman-esque flick doesn't carry it well.
 Director Rick Rosenthal (who directed the latest Halloween: Resurrection) decided to go without most of the cat & mouse-esque Carpenter style suspense of the first film, opting instead to make the film much more graphic than the original.
It's a very Cronenberg-esque thriller with plenty of good stuff for everyone especially horror/Sci-fi fanatics and special effects junkies.
This sub-plot portrayed Dr. No as a poor Frankenstein-esque creature that was just a product of his horrible experiences and mistreatment by a world that rejected him.
This sub-plot portrayed Dr. No, as a poor Frankenstein-esque creature that was just a product of his horrible experiences, and mistreatment by a world that rejected him.
Either way, you'll either be severely depressed or immensely amused by what transpires, from the Lifetime-esque opening credits to the painfully bad showdown in the end.
 He has zero, and I mean no chemistry with the barbie-esque Christie, who only needs a gingham dress to remind me of one of the gals from Petticoat Junction.
The switching of Doctors was a bit abrupt, and I think having her be a trasporter-phobe was too McCoy-esque to be coincidental; I think the writers were TRYING (too hard) for us to like her.
More inexplicable rudeness and campy, John Waters-esque nonsense ensues- with a wonderful Boris Karloff as a barely intelligible doorman (must have been a hoot for him to play a role like this!
This film keeps getting the trailer and media exposure of being another Crash-esque (1995) style film with a serious coverage of psychotic "wannabes" that wish for physical/medical impairments.
 There are  chain swords and hedge trimmer weapons, a huge steampunk-esque outpost, and  guys with armour reminicient of robocop.
 As a result, you end up with some tragically babel fish-esque translations.
Its a combination of Cops and ER which tries to elevate  itself into art with the Madonna-esque MTV video style footage - and  portentious voice overs, the result is terrible.
The humor is timeless and hilarious; absolute must-see scenes include Zissou's rock and roll 70s copshow-esque shootout (set to the delightfull tunes of non other than Iggy himself), the ruscue mission of the bond-company stooge, and of course, the hilarious openning documentary.
With his usual all-star cast, theatre-esque shots, trademark titles, and unique use of color this strange little film leads you around by the nose to a soundtrack of David Bowie songs performed acoustic and in Portugese by one of the characters on the sea quest.
Witty Woody Allen-esque dialogue and quirky scene changes abound, and the encounter with pirates is pure garbage.
More on this later...<br /><br />Jolie as Alexander's mother uses as bizarre Russian-esque accent that is terribly out of place with who Olympia actually was.
Very Tarantino-esque, but Duffy leaves Tarantino for dead.
I was more or less expecting a Tarantino-esque crime movie with some wierdass characters and lots of cursing, which is more or less what I got.
I would've preferred either a longer film with a more fleshed out progression of events, or a more Tarantino/Scorcese-esque approach giving the actors more time to indulge us with their characters peculiarities.
To start, Boondock Saints is blatently inspired by the Tarentino-esque style that has seemed to become popular among the indie crowd lately.
Boondock Saints is an odd movie, know that going in.  It has some Tarantino-esque violence and surreal humor.
In a Skywalker-esque plot twist at the end, the three team up to execute a mobster as he pleads innocent in the courtroom.
 And I'll take a good Tarantino-esque vibe anyday.
 The "Dutch" guy appears out of nowhere, and he's made out to be some sort of super-killer, Hannible Lector-esque character but the only thing really said about him was something like "they only use him when things get really bad.
DVD includes making of, outtakes, and a VH1-esque pop-up video setting that quizzes you  on pop-culture references and influences (kind of fun actually).
DVD includes making of, outtakes, and a VH1-esque pop-up video setting that quizzes you  on pop-culture references and influences (kind of fun actually).
After watching, the ballet struck me as something very familiar: almost Cirque du Soleil-esque.
he uses minimal disquises, he kills people willy-nilly, he uses Bond-esque gadgets instead of wit and cunning, small things like that.
Disney's quality of films have been diminishing greatly, ever since they lost there &quot;Musical-esque&quot; style after THe Hunchback of Notredame.
Claudio Simonetti recorded some decent music for this one: some heavy instrumental synth-rock and some pretty, opera-esque music with a slightly creepy edge.
 THis movie is very very funny,  fomr it's Blair Witch-esque opening (i know that this came out first) to is  Spedoinkle cast .
David Lynch's take on Dune is nothing short of pretty darn good. It definitely gets weird (a.k.a. David Lynch-esque) in places, but overall the feel and tone of the movie are wonderful.
its..."mature" aspects. No there's no sex but there's some small amounts of violence(don't worry, nothing Sleepy Hollow-esque here).
 He soon abondons his Kafka-esque existence and stops going to work, dumps his nagging b**tch of a girlfriend, and gets the courage to ask out a disgruntled waitress (Aniston).
Very Tarantino-esque, but Duffy leaves Tarantino for dead.
I was more or less expecting a Tarantino-esque crime movie with some wierdass characters and lots of cursing, which is more or less what I got.
I would've preferred either a longer film with a more fleshed out progression of events, or a more Tarantino/Scorcese-esque approach giving the actors more time to indulge us with their characters peculiarities.
To start, Boondock Saints is blatently inspired by the Tarentino-esque style that has seemed to become popular among the indie crowd lately.
Boondock Saints is an odd movie, know that going in.  It has some Tarantino-esque violence and surreal humor.
In a Skywalker-esque plot twist at the end, the three team up to execute a mobster as he pleads innocent in the courtroom.
 And I'll take a good Tarantino-esque vibe anyday.
 The "Dutch" guy appears out of nowhere, and he's made out to be some sort of super-killer, Hannible Lector-esque character but the only thing really said about him was something like "they only use him when things get really bad.
Price&quot; (and he even grew a Vincent-esque mustache.
 Instead of the majestic and ambitious 2001-esque Star Trek: The Motion Picture, with it's so Roddenberry-esque tale of different life forms communicating, understanding and actually combining, we have big spaceships firing laser weapons at each other and plenty of boring running, jumping and falling down - if TMP had the ambition to take Kubrick as it's model, WOK settled for the considerably inferior Lucas.
The concept of the film itself is genius and has an H.P. Lovecraft-esque feel to it, the performances are just outstanding and the special effects still hold up in this digital age.
Well, it depends what you want.  If that is another cute fantasy film with Disney-esque animals and wise-cracking, snogging, contemporary teenagers ("Sorted!
Alas, Roger became too old and went.<br />Dalton brought another Bond, more fleming-esque.
This film is completely spellbinding and amazing.  The Terry Gilliam/Monty Python-esque animation is totally stunning.
One of the best animated movies anyone will ever see as the score is just fantastic in that Pink Floyd-esque soundtrack, unforgettable images and so much more that in fact James Cameron is a huge fan of this movie as he used this as one of his inspirations to the movie "Avatar" and even other directors like Hayao Miyazaki are huge fans of this masterpiece.
Well, it depends what you want.  If that is another cute fantasy film with Disney-esque animals and wise-cracking, snogging, contemporary teenagers ("Sorted!
 The whole time-travel piece is dropped in very deus ex machina-esque; however, I suppose all time travel stories have to leap the improbability issues somehow.
S plays an ex-FBI agent who had to retire for various Dirty Harry-esque actions/brutality.
I guess I rented it just out of curiosity to see how it compared to all the other Woody Allen-esque excuses for borderline jailbait romances I assumed it would be just based on the cover.
The humor is timeless and hilarious; absolute must-see scenes include Zissou's rock and roll 70s copshow-esque shootout (set to the delightfull tunes of non other than Iggy himself), the ruscue mission of the bond-company stooge, and of course, the hilarious openning documentary.
With his usual all-star cast, theatre-esque shots, trademark titles, and unique use of color this strange little film leads you around by the nose to a soundtrack of David Bowie songs performed acoustic and in Portugese by one of the characters on the sea quest.
Witty Woody Allen-esque dialogue and quirky scene changes abound, and the encounter with pirates is pure garbage.
It's more interesting than your average dumb-blonde-esque flick.
Although the overall plot was amazing, I could not help but be sidetracked by some of the ridiculously soap-opera-esque sub-plots.
Although the overall plot was amazing, I could not help but be sidetracked by some of the ridiculously soap-opera-esque sub-plots.
Even the slapstick style humor was weak; almost Benny Hill-esque.
Thus, he also included the party-girl Monroe-esque character in this film.
 At the beginning of the movie it feels like  another Star Trek - Battlestar Galactica-esque movie; you are in deep space  searching for a lost ship and then when you find it there are no life  signs.
wierd movie.<br /><br />yuki-onna-esque.
wierd movie.<br /><br />yuki-onna-esque.
Jimbob" in these pages) that this is a modern Kurosawa-esque film.
My roommate describes this film as Stanley Kubrick-esque.
The evil, zombie-esque monarch has plans to use the pig's abilities to locate the Black Cauldron, a demonic, enchanted cauldron with the power to create an army of undead and unstoppable warriors.
Leonetti likes smoky nightclubs and motel rooms and the score alternates between jazzy and noir-esque to (unfortunately) synthesized and 80s.
I agree with everyone who says he stole the movie. I loved how he just camped it up, he was almost going quite Python-esque in some scenes, just with his little mannerisms and quirks.
And how sad is it that my favorite part and character from the movie was Aro? Probably because he's a proper Rice-esque vampire.
 In its place are a few ill-matched diary-esque insights amidst a series of odd (a Thai prison, are you kidding me?
 The ending is Capra-esque but, hey, imitation is the sincerest form of flattery.
. . a letdown.<br /><br />From the laughable Leno-esque chins to the lack of crucial voice-overs (which had worked SO WELL when you had Bryan Cranston voicing Jim Gordon in Batman:Year One), to the terrible fight animations to the terrible added dialogue .
Forget &quot;Dances with Wolves.&quot;  Kevin Costner outdoes himself as an actor in this superb Capra-esque movie that is filled with magic rarely seen onscreen.
(And it goes beyond this, giving us glimpses of amoral, anti-government, mafia-esque groups in europe and lone seductress-assassins, the latter of which I hadn't assumed actually existed in reality, but perhaps they do.
Namely the character Augra is being dubbed with Frank Oz's Miss Piggy-esque voice over and of course there is no music or post-production.
 On the way, he encounters Keira, a girl gelfling, her pomeranian-esque pet, Fizgig (a creature with two sets of teeth and a raging temper), the musical potlins (little hippy creatures who have a lust for life and great music), and many other twists and turns.
As it turns out, Sam, with Keaton-esque antics and eccentric nature, is just the housekeeper that Joon has been looking for, and they fall in love.
 The physical comedy and capturing that Keaton/Chaplin-esque style was fantastic and the same can be said with the brother and sister chemistry between Aidan Quinn and Mary Stuart Masterson.
Liked the the mood, the eeriness and the effects. It was a little Shining-esque but then Steven King did write it.
 As the director Joe Carnahan commented in the 'making of' featurettes, there is a Dante-esque feel that the two cops are descending further and further into Hell, and their facades become more and more stripped away, revealing Oak to be some sort of a madman.
 As the director Joe Carnahan commented in the 'making of' featurettes, there is a Dante-esque feel that the two cops are descending further and further into Hell, and their facades become more and more stripped away, revealing Oak to be some sort of a madman.
Getting back to the directionality, though, I really like the overall sound design and the comic book-esque effects they created.
This German version, almost Sound of Music-esque (without all the singing) rendition of Sissi and her Emperor's love story is wonderful.
&quot;Evil Dead&quot; is indeed without question, the BEST zombie-esque movie since &quot;Night Of The Living Dead&quot;, and is a non-stop thrill ride at every turn!
It's a glossy soap opera-esque thriller drama that isn't very special, but still is worth watching.
 In "Spice World," the girls take on a world tour with Bond-esque style.
What fun! Scrap the past 40 years of music development and go straight back into the good old jazz/Chicago-esque style.
After a terribly stale and soap-opera-esque fifth season, Jenji Kohan and the team of writers behind this brilliant dark comedy have kicked the show back into gear.
 Well, there is a bit of inspired casting with Leslie Nielsen as a G.W. Bush-esque president and I always like to see people make fun of "The Village", but ultimately it is pretty much like a Mad Magazine article.
The cheap looking quality made it look almost documentary-esque, as if you're right there with them.
 The book is a hilarious story of a bumbling, Clouseau-esque British military commander (I forget his rank) and his misadventures in World War II, told in a series of episodes.
Considering the Columbine type content, I'm surprised it hasn't been banned. It's an 80's shocker, kind of Fight Club-esque.
After Veronica begins to despise her supposed friends, she meets up with Jason Dean, played by the young "Jack Nicholson-esque" Christian Slater, whom helps to escalate this hatred for the Heathers (and some others.
 Armstrong's physicality strikes me as a bit Brad Pitt-esque, with scruffy beard, and his interpretation of Robin grew on me as I got into the series more.
An aggressive fridge with a mind of its own sounds Monty Python-esque when you first hear about it, but trust me, you won't be laughing by the end of the movie.
Right, and finds Mrs. Partly-Right instead, drove me crazy with their Woody Allen-esque attempts to be intellectually funny.
 ///// Dana: Hello, Peter. Peter Venkman: [whips around Melodramatically, and speaks in a soap opera-esque deep tone] Hello, Dana.
Die hard alien enthusiast impaled themselves on Giger-esque protrusions the second this movie came out.
Splendidly combining live-animal action with Jim Henson-esque animatronics, Noonan's irresistible "Babe" is a story about flouting convention and realizing one's potential.
The Illusionist is a classic tale of love and magic with a Hitchcock-esque twist.
She makes a vague, almost Charlie Chan-esque statement, that the murderer is in the room, then disappears without divulging the name.
Strangelove-esque.
There are several memorable scenes-- the "surprise" birthday party, Salt's wacky nightmare (very Fellini-esque), and the final bedside irony, along with a nicely deceptive opening that sets the stage for what follows.
 This after his picture-esque Norman Rockwell-type family is uprooted by the kidnapping of his nine-year-old daughter.
 Like others have said, Oliver Stone was the films flaw.  Had it been Tarantino-esque in it's directing, I think it would have had more appeal, and less of the headache flavor.
and their delicious Pluto Pie birthday cake!<p>The soundtrack is an interesting mix of impersonal 80s-esque music and children's melodies; the voices are a perplexing yet intriguing blend of accents.
 The story is also compelling, with a rather Lord of the Rings-esque fantasy appeal.
 Neither is it merely the postmodern fantasy of a director of the surreal.<p>Artificial Intelligence is a Siddartha-esque journey film, a story of a quest for identity and the meaning of life, and to a lesser degree, the documentary of some of the more important symbols of our cultural understanding of those questions.
 A very thought provoking, very dark, Kubrick-esque movie, and I commend Spielberg for pulling it off.
 Sometimes described by interview subjects as "Garbo-esque" for the distance he imposes between himself and others, Berlin now passes his days in casual obscurity, recognized occasionally on the streets by old fans, self-absorbed but far from self-pitying, still interested in the art for which he is his own canvass.
Richard Robbins Glass-esque score was fresh and hypnotic, transporting us into the lush greenery and richly cloistered environment of the old house.
The clever way it was filmed, which was quite  Blair Witch Project-esque (but in a classy way), brings you into the  action.
However, even if Pee Wee Herman-esque humor isn't your cup of tea, the movie does have a strong message about the strength of family, another message about honesty, another one about how kids can make a difference, and the movie has one of the best Latin American casts of all time.
 Whereas the slapstick, three stooges-esque fight scene toward the end was one of the low points.
Okay, perhaps it was not at the level of `Michael Moore'-esque conspiracy theories, but after witnessing such disasters as The Whole Ten Yards, Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights, and Exorcist: The Beginning you have to wonder why studios would intentionally ruin viable stand-alone films.
 Yes, Glenn the wannabe-singer was/is talented.  However, he sings with that George Michael-esque voice that can be common.
 Ed Norton's character, Smoochy, portrays a Barney-esque, over-the-top-nice children's television star.
With the help of Green Day, Albert Brooks (the french bowler Jacques or Hank Scorpio, the Bond-esque villain from the show) and Tom Hanks, the film's at least a winner a good chunk of the time which is surprising considering the actual show's output lately.
McGinley). The stage is set, and the movie makes its Easy Rider-esque way through the West.
Lee created a new super hero with chameleon-esque powers (don't ask me how, it is never clearly explained) who battles a race of human/chameleons who want to "take over the world".
nature and eventually discover the Andromeda Strain's weakness in a very H.G. Wells-esque realization.
They stated that the film "arrives with confidence and bravado intact. ... and arguably the most Tolkien-esque of the Narnia books".
This movie is the best movie ever made.  This movie is filled with memeorable quotes, including Father Ridley's sermon-esque opinions about VD.
I was wary, being an inveterate Joan Hickson fan, and the Pink Pather-esque opening credits rankled.
 I went into 'Charlie's Angels' wanting only to see a little Bond-esque action and, of course, Lucy Liu.
Every time the film employs cheesy '70s-esque montage sequences, every time the camera goes wicked slow when the girls toss their hair, and every time an action scene comes up (which takes things from films like The Matrix, Mission: Impossible, and True Lies), it's all a parody.
Did I just drool? It did feel a bit Terminator-esque at points, but thankfully, it managed to get past that, and turn into an actually alright movie.
 The production values are A-team-esque, Mamets lauded dialoge makes Judge Dredd look like Alexander Hamilton, and you'll be left playing with the contrast on your television as you wonder if there are people acting out scenes somewhere within all those dramatic shadows.
It's a very Cronenberg-esque thriller with plenty of good stuff for everyone especially horror/Sci-fi fanatics and special effects junkies.
 You're not going to see some amazing James Cameron-esque special effects and lighting here.
Edgar Hoover-esque way at the time), arrest his sister, Bonnie Redbow, on some bogus drug charge.
He becomes a suspect while he tracks the real killer through a Fellini-esque landscape, and still finds time to interact with his European girl friend.
And 3.) Bob - a guy who always wears Reservoir Dog-esque suits; Bob seems frequently annoyed by Dignan's antics but puts up with him because he is kind of lonely.
 The mixture of british humor and Apatow-esque improv is balanced perfectly, and Nicholas Stoller's directing style is finally established in this quick, yet visceral comedy.
Absolute eye candy for sure. Plus he gets points for twisting such a traditional genre, what with that whole fairy tale-esque thing and all.
I'm a fairly seasoned gym rat and have done lots of those yoga-esque exercises for toning and strengthening.
 A little TRON-esque but I was digging it!
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00007KGCW">Finding Nemo</a>). He even has a Nemo-esque physical disability: he can't fly.
 The production values are A-team-esque, Mamets lauded dialoge makes Judge Dredd look like Alexander Hamilton, and you'll be left playing with the contrast on your television as you wonder if there are people acting out scenes somewhere within all those dramatic shadows.
(He deserves the compliment of 'Kubrick-esque' for this work.
The city becomes something of an "Omega Man-esque" metroscape where everything is available for the taking but lurking in the darkness wait the afflicted ready to attack.
(He deserves the compliment of 'Kubrick-esque' for this work.
The city becomes something of an "Omega Man-esque" metroscape where everything is available for the taking but lurking in the darkness wait the afflicted ready to attack.
Every fight scene and car chase (yes, there is more than one car chase) is loaded with Michael Bay-esque hand-held hyper-cuts.
I know they were alluding to Ezekiel's UFO-esque "wheel" at the end, but I'm a bit tired of the "glorious awe" effect.
This is another great, heart-stopping scene.<br /><br />The ending is a disappointing Spielberg-esque clich&eacute; that is only relieved with a final set of special effects that rival "Armageddon" and "The Day After Tomorrow".
This thing has a bizarre plotline, that leads our protagonist (a geeky-Jimmy Stewart-esque kinda guy) onto an island inhabited by his uncle Boris (rightly voiced by Boris Karloff) and an army of monsters that he created.
 Ed Norton's character, Smoochy, portrays a Barney-esque, over-the-top-nice children's television star.
Jonathan Glazer's Sexy Beast. (The only other exceptions would be Gangster No.1 and Guy Ritchie's own highly Lock Stock-esque Snatch).
Long before Disney's version of Zorro (starring Guy Madison) hit TV, I learned about Zorro and his Robin Hood-esque exploits in the old Republic serials shown then.
This film is completely spellbinding and amazing.  The Terry Gilliam/Monty Python-esque animation is totally stunning.
One of the best animated movies anyone will ever see as the score is just fantastic in that Pink Floyd-esque soundtrack, unforgettable images and so much more that in fact James Cameron is a huge fan of this movie as he used this as one of his inspirations to the movie "Avatar" and even other directors like Hayao Miyazaki are huge fans of this masterpiece.
 Well, there is a bit of inspired casting with Leslie Nielsen as a G.W. Bush-esque president and I always like to see people make fun of "The Village", but ultimately it is pretty much like a Mad Magazine article.
Hey, I like thrillers and Polanski-esque tension and films that zig when they should zag as much as anybody.
As he struggles against giving the order for a My Lai-esque massacre of an unarmed Turkish convoy, Lawrence's face [animated by the incomparable acting of Peter O'Toole] all but says: "Now could I drink hot blood!
 The<br />look is like much later film noir, but often better (including a little Scorsese-esque fast<br />push in), and the editing (and story structure) is very brave; from the flashback<br />structure of the whole story, to the super fast cutting in two sequences (including the<br />insertion on a single red frame) that makes most modern editing look safe and<br />dull by comparison.
 While I too was exasperated by A Skin, A Night, frustrated by the Doug Liman-esque shaking camera and art-school ethos of the direction, it offered rare glimpses of the band at work, and for that I'm grateful.
The suspense was incredible, the camera work was great (with several Hitchcock-esque shots added in the mix), the plot was nicely twisted.
 That neither Bridges nor Robbins are Superstar Icons with Tom Cruise-like looks or Schwarzenegger-esque muscles makes the film all the more believable.
This movie had way too much Full Metal Alchemist and 20% of it felt Naruto-esque.
What makes the movie so effective is the "Psycho"-esque score by Harry Manfredini and of course the memorable gore effects by Tom Savini which shocked the daylights out of people when it first came out yet they are still effective.
What makes the movie so effective is the "Psycho"-esque score by Harry Manfredini and of course the memorable gore effects by Tom Savini which shocked the daylights out of people when it first came out yet they are still effective.
Right, and finds Mrs. Partly-Right instead, drove me crazy with their Woody Allen-esque attempts to be intellectually funny.
The Roaring 20s fascinate me; and especially when combined with Tinseltown lore. Add to that a Hollywood Babylon-esque murder mystery (which may or may not have taken place), and how could I say no?
Rise Of The Machines' by use of gripping character interactions from very capable talent and 'Lost'-esque story-interweaving.
and of course the organism would turn out to be humanoid . . . At this point there's potential for a great Frankenstein-esque tale .
 She's delightful!<br />The film is obviously a throwback to the James Bond movies from its John Barry-esque score, including Shirley "Goldfinger" Bassey's signature vocals to the inclusion of techno-gadgets and former Bond Roger Moore' chief.
Do I want to see Cera be more like Vin Diesel? Of course not. Would we like to see Black be more Dinero-esque?
Black's weird/stoned facial gestures, Cera's  awkwardness, and Beavis and Butthead-esque jokes comprise the bulk of this movie's humor.
 The same types of fade outs are used and the ending was shocking but in a sixth sense -esque way.
 All the others are new and of inconsistent quality.  Donald Duck is a Noah-esque hero set to Elgar's Pomp and Circumstance; butterflies dance to Beethoven's 5th Symphony; whales fly as we hear Respighi's Pines of Rome; Al Hirschfeld-esque drawings animate Gershwin's Rhapsody in Blue; Saint-Saen's Carnival of the Animals is accompanied by flamingos with a yo-yo; Nature battles destructive forces to Stravinsky's Firebird Suite; and Shostakovich's Piano Concerto No.
Do I want to see Cera be more like Vin Diesel? Of course not. Would we like to see Black be more Dinero-esque?
Black's weird/stoned facial gestures, Cera's  awkwardness, and Beavis and Butthead-esque jokes comprise the bulk of this movie's humor.
It makes NIGHT WATCH, the first of this two-part series, almost Disney-esque.
 He soon abondons his Kafka-esque existence and stops going to work, dumps his nagging b**tch of a girlfriend, and gets the courage to ask out a disgruntled waitress (Aniston).
The soft-focused, noir-esque, 1930s-style retrofuture of "Sky Captain" is a visual feast to behold, unabashedly revelling in obvious influences as Lang's "Metropolis" and B-movies of the 1930s.
No one knows who is behind this until they call Sky Captain (Jude Law) who has his own incredible James Bond-esque plane that can swim under water as well as fly.
For the example the tiger is now a cigarette smoking monkey, the missing tooth is now a tyson-esque tattoo, the "misplaced buddy" is now a misplaced future brother in law etc.
I, like so many others, was loathe to see another Anne Rice-esque vampire movie.
Yes, Dennis is a clumsy, Homer Simpson-esque buffoon, but he's also, always, human.
Yes, Dennis is a clumsy, Homer Simpson-esque buffoon, but he's also, always, human.
a stately mansion/castle w/ intensely loyal servants and a cavalcade of one-of-a-kind gizmos and James-Bond-esque weapons and gadgets, not to mention a garage full of Jaguars, Porsches and BMW's.
The film satirizes the glamorous Hollywood lifestyle as the characters plot against each other in a soap opera-esque fashion.
"I love this dirty town," proclaims the Walter Winchell-esque Hunsecker, and you never once doubt him.
Many parts of the movie make me laugh out loud. Especially the scenes with Oldman and his Newton-esque experiments.
The glorious nuances of their expression and delivery contrast very nicely with their Laurel and Hardy-esque interpretation of the two characters.
rememember, this may be "unrated", BUT....Quibbles aside, a decent Shaw take on a Zorro-esque hero who assumes the characteristics of a gecko (The inspiration for Kuo Chui's role in "The Five Venoms"?
Many parts of the movie make me laugh out loud. Especially the scenes with Oldman and his Newton-esque experiments.
The glorious nuances of their expression and delivery contrast very nicely with their Laurel and Hardy-esque interpretation of the two characters.
The only person who comes close to being a funny "Farrelly Brothers-esque" type character is Lenny, the Michael Jordan of the Special Olympics.
 Was it a Saw-esque police drama about a ruthless serial killer?
This scene is so painfully Cinderella-esque that I was waiting for Marisa to leave a glass slipper.
so werewolves and vampires were out, Satanism in. So here we get a Wheatley-esque story of powerful people sucked into devil-worship grafted onto an old fashioned Dracula story.
Redford's performance gives a more tragic insight into Gatsby's Alger-esque illusions and the pain they cause him -- although he could have used some of Toby Stephens' menace.
Two things I forgot to mention there were Barry Gray's brilliant incidental music, and the Frank Lloyd Wright-esque architecture on Tracy Island.
Some things I appreciate even more now than then. (Barry Gary's music, the Frank Lloyd Wright-esque architecture of Tracy Island.
 In a Hemingway-esque turn, they all die in one way or another for a stupid wooden bridge.
Two things I forgot to mention there were Barry Gray's brilliant incidental music, and the Frank Lloyd Wright-esque architecture on Tracy Island.
There is the Versace-esque Italian designer (Paul Sirvino) who must face health and family crises.
 From some great, Scorsese-esque tracking shots inside the train to claustrophobic cityscapes to expansive cinematography of the Indian countryside, the setting figures as extensively in this movie as Anderson's old high school in Rushmore or the high seas in The Life Aquatic, adding another layer of the personality that's always set Anderson movies apart.
I had already purchased and/or rented every other scary movie I could find, so (despite the tacky pirate-esque cover) I decided to order this one.
 The Burroughs-esque world portrayed here by Cronenberg is dark and stark, providing the perfect ambience for this sinister story.
It's more interesting than your average dumb-blonde-esque flick.
 It is not Disney-esque.
 The strongest episode is Devotion which includes a few choice Janeane Garofalo-esque snarky lines.
The girl grows up to be a stripper, played blandly by a Lolita-esque Jessica Alba.
The characters ramble on in moments of deep thought, revealing what makes them tick. It's filled to the brim with Arnold-esque one-liners.
There's also a lot of Tarantino-esque recursion in the plot line (not to mention that the character of Miho is straight out the Crazy-88 in _Kill Bill_, and so are her weapons), reminiscent of _Pulp Fiction_: The beginning isn't necessarily the beginning, nor is the end the end.
The "special-effects" graphics and video manipulation delivering cartoon-esque visual cinema has been done ad nauseum--"Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid", "Roger Rabbitt", "Forrest Gump", "Gladiator", are all better examples of like talents used to better results.
The girl grows up to be a stripper, played blandly by a Lolita-esque Jessica Alba.
But the ultimate booby prize goes to BARB WIRE. And what boobies! From the opening FLASHDANCE-esque strip club routine, in which millions of gallons of water are sprayed onto heroine Pamela Anderson's bared casabas, Barb Wire is a perky paean to the wonders of silicone.
. . <p>. . . and so it is with `Memento', a pastiche of Jim<br />Thompson-esque crime cliches complicated, but not<br />deepened, by a fairly original cinematic device.
 In the games, Liu Kang was always one of my least favorite characters, due to his overblown Bruce Lee-esque imitation, but this film removes that, preventing him from being annoying.
Pierce Brosnan heats up the screen with Rene Russo in this hot little remake.  Although Bond-esque characteristics are present, Brosnan delivers a look at his corrupt and witty side as an actor.
It's true. A talking alien plant set to take over the world, a hero out of a zero, three Ronettes-esque ladies with fantastic voices, a sadistic dentist - this movie is awesome.
I especially got a kick out of Lars, the Yanni-esque boyfriend of Sara (Beckinsale).
Why have a pair of Laurel & Hardy-esque style sheriffs in what is supposedly a film of uncompromising savagery?
 And how very close help was...  Little Craven-esque  quirks tended to pop up (such as a sudden shift from extreme violence to a  scene of almost slapstick humor) that will remind viewers of the Elm Street  and Scream series.
risque to say the least.<br /><br />We were pleasantly surprised to find no real focus on nudity beyond 'doll-esque' levels.
Javier Bardem steals the show here as a zombie-esque bad guy who kills people with a cattle gun as he stalks Josh Brolin who has Bardem's $2 million from a drug deal gone bad.
 The president (a Clinton-esque Bill Bullman) calls upon military services to fight these creatures.
The 2nd nightclub scene and the Bond-esque gadget scene brought a smile to me :)<p>- There are 2 commentaries, and I've only seen the one with Snipes and Del Toro, and it proved forgettable.
or super-hero-esque.
Michelle Williams is great, but I am coming to the belief that she is Clooney-esque in that she has limited range, but what she does, she does extremely well.
Kathleen Turner grabs you from the second she is on screen her Jane Mansfield-esque frame is sheathed in a white dress and her husky yet alluring voice and all out jaguar on the prowl apppeal has never been equalled by any actress in this genre since!
This 70-minute &quot;semi-feature&quot; film conceived by ex-Python Eric Idle who plays the Paul McCartney-esque character Dirk McQuickly was produced by Lorne Michaels of SNL and includes various cameos from the classic SNL cast (Bill Murray, John Belushi, Dan Ackroyd, Gilda Radner) as well as cameos from Mick Jagger, Ron Wood, Paul Simon, ex-Python Michael Palin and even George Harrison himself as an interviewer!
 With an in-depth knowledge of the Beatles, Idle (who plays the McCartney-esque character, Dirk) satires the history of the Fab Four.
 Don't let that keep you away.  The film moves quickly, is exciting and has a decent score(a very Goblin-esque score from Fabio Frizzi).
 Like others have said, Oliver Stone was the films flaw.  Had it been Tarantino-esque in it's directing, I think it would have had more appeal, and less of the headache flavor.
As you can see in the pictures one member nicely posted, it comes in a pizza box-esque design.
Hayden Christensen portrays "Quinn" as a thinly veiled Bob Dylan-esque musician who tries to show Edie the shallowness of the Warhol Factory and ultimately becomes the thing that tears Edie and Warhol apart.
His Dada-esque soup can, Brillo Box "art" and his pretentious plotless 12-hour "movies" were considered very "avant-garde" as were the junkies, speedfreaks and assorted talentless poseurs at the Factory.
As far as Hayden Christensen is concerned who's playing the obvious Bob Dylan-esque character, he's likable since he seems to be the only sane one in the bunch.
The way they setup the wife that kills everyone was not mysterious at all. The American audience was greeted by a Ring-esque setup where the faces of these characters are barely shown if at all for only a few quick seconds at a time; thus increasing the scare factor the way the sequences were filmed.
It works  well - location footage in Scotland and lots and lots of smoke give the  production an 'Exclaibur'-esque look of grim and gritty reality, and this  is what sticks in the mind after the film is over.
. . <p>. . . and so it is with `Memento', a pastiche of Jim<br />Thompson-esque crime cliches complicated, but not<br />deepened, by a fairly original cinematic device.
I agree with everyone who says he stole the movie. I loved how he just camped it up, he was almost going quite Python-esque in some scenes, just with his little mannerisms and quirks.
It's a glossy soap opera-esque thriller drama that isn't very special, but still is worth watching.
Let me just get this off my chest: The character of Malcolm Tucker is Columbo-esque in its perfection.
If I hear the words "snappy dialogue" "david mamet" "aaron sorkin-esque" etc.
Let me just get this off my chest: The character of Malcolm Tucker is Columbo-esque in its perfection.
If I hear the words "snappy dialogue" "david mamet" "aaron sorkin-esque" etc.
Though there is a love interest for Molly as well, a Morrissey-esque rock singer (Jesse Spencer) she meets at her birthday party, I wouldn't call this a romantic comedy either, as this fellow isn't the main focus of the film, and their relationship isn't exactly conventional.
 That's where the trailer left it....and it left me thinking this might be a Mulan-esque story where she goes off on some sort of adventure (again making me nervous that maybe we'd just have a rehashed story).
 I couldn't wait to see this movie when it first came out off that alone.  It was almost billed as a Fatal Attraction-esque movie from the previews alone: Widow becomes romantically entangled with her dead husband's brother only to find out that he isn't dead at all and they try to conceal their relationship until he discovers the truth and loses it.
male witch).<p>The film is very Cthulhu-esque in its mood.
In fact, it's an above average one.  It is definitely the funniest Gondry film I've seen and has a warm-hearted Capra-esque feel to it which may seem ridiculous and "cheesy" to some, but it works within the broader context of the film.
Instead I was disappointed to find an Indianna Jones-esque adventure.
Robert Redford is also perfect as a  'wholesome', nave underdog champion (you can almost feel a JFK-esque aura  around him).
 While it is emotional to watch the love story unfold, the eye-candy battle sequences, and the picture-esque view of Scotland, there seemed to be a lacking "meat" to this story.
 OR, every time Feldman has another Michael Jackson-esque wardrobe change!
In the book, there's a fierce dog that bites people's fingers off if they try to leave. Very Burton-esque.
It's not your typical creepy, trippy Tim Burton movie. It's carnival-esque, colorful, funny, and well-written.
Rather, you long for more of his father's adventures, which are full of unexpected people, Burton-esque places and understated intelligence.
Robbie Coltrane (Harry Potter And The...) is wonderfully low-key in his Watson-esque role as Depp's assistant.
Robbie Coltrane (Harry Potter And The...) is wonderfully low-key in his Watson-esque role as Depp's assistant.
Steed is shown brandishing a gun again. It's an Emma Peel-esque story in which the formidible Mrs.
 More lighthearted and Back to the Future-esque, but almost as enjoyable.
But Reynold's psychotic Johnny-esque preformance was definitely worth admission price on the day after opening.
Just in case anyone misses the point, there's a psuedo-Jan Hammer-esque rock insturmental playing during the scene where Kirk &amp; Co.
 Even the snow scene conjures up "St. Louis"-esque visions.
As a direct result, only in her vocal abilities throughout the film does she truly excel; that rich Garland-esque bravado rocking the speakers with a powerful zest for the material she's been given.
It's beautifully dark in the same way that parts of "Dark Crystal" and "Legend" are, the story isn't meant to be Bergman-esque(it's on the simple side,but entertaining), and FOR ONCE the CGI used is NOT overly-noticeable,choppy,and distracting!
 I won't miss Dr Faye Miller.  It was right that Don should cut her loose, there was something automaton-esque about her.
Why would he cut an important keystone of the book's plot? Yet he decides to replace that with Cuban Missile Crisis-esque conflict down on Earth, which feels incredibly irrelevant in present year of 2004.
Why is that? First off, the previews made it seem like a Naked Gun-esque spoof, of which I am a big fan of those types of movies.
 The Kill-Bill-esque animated scene is neat but still not needed.
Depp's performance was too Michael Jackson-esque for my liking.
For, make no mistake, Tim Burton's adaptation of Roald Dahl's classic novel, is very "Burton-esque.
The real star of this story is not the quasi-humans who populate its color-saturated Dali-esque landscape, but the candy around whom their lives center.
Look also for the "Sgt. Pepper"-esque nut house with the (largely real) team of nut-cracking squirrels, the "2001: Space Odyssey" (with the bombastic Strauss fanfare) WonkaVision studios, and other touches that really make Depp, in particular, such a marvelously spooky-kooky guy.
Therefore if you are not a child, but still enjoy dooby-enhanced mind trip or generally odd, Alice-in-Wonderland-esque stories, then you will find interest in this movie.
 The initial scenes of Charlie's crooked, dilapidated house and the huge city that surrounds it are as Dahl-esque as you can hope for.
 They're almost DALI-esque, in fact.
Colin makes you feel like you are part of the story rather than having a story told to you - almost a Howard Zinn-esque "People's History of the Zombie Apocalypse".
Both Judas and I Feel You feature Floyd-esque video footage which somehow fit the songs better than anything MTV could have handled.
 There were Matrix-esque slow motion bits, and even a "do something at a control panel before time runs out" bit.
What can I say? It's BORING! I'm not a huge fan of Tom Hanks, especially with this mullet-esque hair (it's ok to hate me), but I love Iam McCellan and Jean Reno, but these great actors just couldn't save this movie.
In a Pacino/DeNiro-esque face-off, Wong and Sam smugly challenge each other to find their respective moles.
This is a brilliantly conceived Michael Mann-esque police drama.
 Even through the (once-again) EXTREMELY GI JOE-esque visuals, storytelling and soundtrack, this film uses powerful symbolism in the manner of Dali's "Le Sangre D'un Poete" and Orwell's "Animal Farm" to push us over the edge and into seeing what our (barely) free minds are up against.
 The "typical" for VanDamme, this movie is very Bruce Lee-esque and highly entertaining!
The Ying-n-Yang of friends. They're similar in that Vaughn is that same kind of lounge-lizard-esque con man without a con, dimwitted with an air of ill-placed superiority and Favreau is his signature calm steady, studying fellow just trying to make it in the big bad voodoo world.
now, although I love this series to death, (the dark, noir-esque, dirty background and the intrigue are compelling) I must let some people in on a little secret.
Big O probably has the most original style of any series I've watched.  It combines Batman-esque designs with giant robots and blues music; you'll never see anything quite like it.
Andrews has a crackling Bogart-esque presence here, which makes us like the only honest guy in the movie, and Webb is brilliant as the tart-tongued, frustrated Waldo, who sees Laura as his personal Galatea.
 The acting is goofy, the special effects are &quot;Clash of the Titans&quot;-esque, and Ash seems to get his shotgun out of nowhere after coming out of the pit; but, you love it anyway cause its funny and good for a viewing at anytime of the day or night.
 To show off contemporary versions (circa 1990) of Ray Harryhausen-esque stop-motion techniques:<p>The special effects, while dated in the face of CGI prodigiousness, are enormous and spectacular.
It works  well - location footage in Scotland and lots and lots of smoke give the  production an 'Exclaibur'-esque look of grim and gritty reality, and this  is what sticks in the mind after the film is over.
While Marlon does as much as he can (despite some CW-esque jokes thrown in there), his character isn't that memorable and leaves the movie like that with no reason why.
 ///// Dana: Hello, Peter. Peter Venkman: [whips around Melodramatically, and speaks in a soap opera-esque deep tone] Hello, Dana.
Or maybe it's the other way around. In either case, &quot;It's the Rage&quot; may be intriguing on its Tarantino-esque surface and commendable for its anti-gun social message, but the film can't help but fail as these two impulses fight it out.
They seem to be conected to each other somehow, even though they don't know it. It is an altman-esque movie added guns.
 The cinematography and editing is first-rate, a real feast for the eyes, and I enjoyed the Ella-esque mid-century Jazz score.
You also have the hilarious Looney Tunes-esque sound effects, intentionally "lame" humor, ironic use of disaster movie cliche's (weather anchor Patrick (Al Roker) even observes that the storm is "following an unusual pattern of hitting all of the worlds major landmarks first, and then spreading across the rest of the globe,") and an awesome soundtrack by Devo's Mark Mothersbaugh to give it the 80's retro-futuristic tone.
All in all, great for Bey/Bruckheimer-esque entertainment, but horrible in everything else.
Good Fun, but dont come looking for a Tao-Bo-esque workout.
 There are even moments of (Forrest Gump/Zelig)-esque wizardry where documentary footage is kluged with new footage - it's never convincing enough to pass for real, but it's fun.
Her mannerisms, her clothing, and her speech were all impeccably Hepburn-esque.
 Maureen O'Hara and Anthony Quinn co-star as corsairs, with a lovely comic turn from Mildred Natwick as a "Mrs Anna"-esque governess.
The dapper Bruce Wayne-esque Roger Smith, diplomatic plutocrat by day, maverick vigilantte by night.
 Frankly, it is a random comedy that has brilliant moments of &quot;Monty Python-esque&quot; humor.
 These eyeborgs range from the Q-bert-esque two-legged walking cameras to human-sized crab walkers with multiple legs and a single eye.
Meryl Streep was excellent in her portrayal of the Anna Wintour-esque Mirande Priestley, but that alone doesn't make this film worth watching.
 Meryl Streep, of course, wins hands down as Cruella DeVille-esque Miranda as she obviously enjoys torturing those in the lower chain of command, yet she also shows a vulnerable side that makes you both respect and sympathize with her.
Even still, his work breathes further life into a film that was already bubbling over with the stuff. With a Burton-esque sense of humor, a rich, vibrant plot that never seems to take a break and some grand, convincing special effects, it's a gothic fairy tale with a little something for everybody.
As other reviewers have mentioned here this film has a definite Burton-esque quality to it, which is no bad thing, and shows how good a job the actual director, Brad Silberling, did.
A beautiful, Tim Burton-esque adaptation of the popular children's book series.
I've never read the books, but I found this movie to be quite entertaining in a dreary, Tim Burton-esque way.
 Except for a few Carey-esque smirks and squeals that really didn't reach the level of annoyance that I usually feel watching a Jim Carey movie, he does an outstanding job.
 To my delight, it was very thrilling and Hitchcock-esque in nature.
 I thoroughly enjoyed it, from the Dali-esque images to the lovely naturalistic art work to the strange but very Japanese storyline.
 Once again..very "fight club"-esque in its dark humor nature.
In the Italian horror films I've seen I'm typically treated to either a Goblin soundtrack, or a Goblin-esque soundtrack.
Lovecraft-esque  Italian supernatural horror thriller from Lucio Fulci is one of his greatest and coolest movies ever.
if you are looking for a Dirty Harry-esque cool fest from eastwood, you will be dissappointed.
With its exquisite black-and-white shots of Monument Valley, assured acting, and Custer-esque storyline, "Apache" is an enduring Western winner.
One interesting moment is that Ian opts for volume swells instead of the reggae-esque rhythm on Amnesia.
<p>I guess 'Harold and Maude' plays on '60s-esque themes of turning maverick, challenging societal moulds, denouncing materialism.
 It is incredibly well done, and compliments his documentary-esque writing style, providing a biting and personal critique of not only the inhabitants of Laramie, but, through the lens of Laramie as a microcosm for America as a whole, the entire society that America has constructed and turned a blind eye to that would allow such a senseless death.
 It is incredibly well done, and compliments his documentary-esque writing style, providing a biting and personal critique of not only the inhabitants of Laramie, but, through the lens of Laramie as a microcosm for America as a whole, the entire society that America has constructed and turned a blind eye to that would allow such a senseless death.
(Hey, it may just be the best film Tor ever appeared in.)<p>The somewhat Woolrich-esque plot has to do with a carefree detective teaming up with a pretty Bette Davis looking newspaper reporter to scope out the whereabouts of a wanted criminal called The Judge.
A Tim Curry-esque (Matt) comic relief: that is only slightly realized and comes off like luke-warm weak tea on a cold day.
Who scored this?<br />8. Character montage scenes that are as dull as they are acted.<br />9. Donnie Darko-esque time warp movements that seem contrived and out of place.
He uses this newly found ability to sketch (what I found to be) the surprising large number of model-esque supermarket patrons.
<p>Despite all these flaws, I really enjoyed this movie. The story is fascinating and moving, and The Sixth Sense-esque approach to depict Nash's schizophrenia from his point of view worked very well.
The tension that slowly builds up between Vash and his brother Knives escalates in an almost Ender's Game-esque fashion and those who enjoy great scifi will love this anime.
Sound levels are inconsistant throughout- a ballet lesson by the Nazi-esque Miss Tanner is very loud, but the famous double murder at the beginning of the film is subdued to the point of losing much of it's impact!
 It's also got some great, Leone-esque staging and camera work, as it drags the scene out as long as dramatically possible, alternating between extreme long-shots and extreme close-ups.
Pearce and Taylor's realization of these characters surpasses the minor flaws. Guy Pearce manages a Jim Morrison-esque sexiness and impressive vocals in the musical sequences.
Cross a boilerplate international secret-agent yarn with a whodunnit, or rather a whoisit, mix in some Rocky-esque training sequences and top it off with a documentary on the wierd because-it's-there mountain-climbing culture, and you have "The Eiger Sanction.
Forget &quot;Dances with Wolves.&quot;  Kevin Costner outdoes himself as an actor in this superb Capra-esque movie that is filled with magic rarely seen onscreen.
 Even if you don't like boxing, even if you're hoping for a ROCKY-esque film, you won't be disappointed in MILLION DOLLAR BABY.
This movie, and others are set in a romantic European-esque period about the turn of the last century.
 The rest of the cast, especially Gary Cole, who comes very close to Eugene Levy-esque father-figure status, is superb.
The girl grows up to be a stripper, played blandly by a Lolita-esque Jessica Alba.
The characters ramble on in moments of deep thought, revealing what makes them tick. It's filled to the brim with Arnold-esque one-liners.
There's also a lot of Tarantino-esque recursion in the plot line (not to mention that the character of Miho is straight out the Crazy-88 in _Kill Bill_, and so are her weapons), reminiscent of _Pulp Fiction_: The beginning isn't necessarily the beginning, nor is the end the end.
The "special-effects" graphics and video manipulation delivering cartoon-esque visual cinema has been done ad nauseum--"Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid", "Roger Rabbitt", "Forrest Gump", "Gladiator", are all better examples of like talents used to better results.
The girl grows up to be a stripper, played blandly by a Lolita-esque Jessica Alba.
Tarsem makes good on his horrible first film "The Cell" with this Terry Gilliam-esque masterpiece.
The documentary-esque realism is very much alive in this film and I have to say that Liman is an excellent director.
showing him scruffy with facial hair most of the film, overweight with a paunch belly, and jovial homo-esque eroticisms with the Woody Harrelson (Stan Lloyd) character.
Was great to see Jeff Fahey go over the top in his 'terminator-esque' finale of the movie, I didn't see it coming.
This movie contains a bit of everything: Coen-esque directing, which is always a pro, a witty screenplay, funny storyline, very well casted, etc.
 Bruce Willis is wonderful as the Rambo-esque superguy who outwits, outplays, and outlasts the heavily-armed killers, and reveals just enough of his tender side to endear his character to the audience.
He is thereafter dogged by his conscience as well as by a leering, Caligari-esque mesmerist brilliantly played by Boris Karloff.
It's not surprising that Kronos reminds one a bit of a Tarantino film at times. This Spaghetti Western-esque vampire flick is actually a fave of the American director and many other filmmakers today.
The documentary-esque realism is very much alive in this film and I have to say that Liman is an excellent director.
 The movie was a little top heavy with typical Shatner-esque self-indulgence(he directed of course).
he soon recognizes that he is "the man who cannot die" and decides to have a little fun with that fact. the sitcom-esque ending is brilliantly erreverent.
 Fulci uses odd camera work, strange color schemes and bizarree music(Fabio Frizzi'a very Goblin-esque score) to create an atmosphere of mounting terror that doesn't let up until the very end.
 The Kafka-esque storyline is meant to be so outrageous as to be funny and if taken in that spirit many of the scenes are very entertaining indeed.
Through all of this, Beowulf can't even wear the oft-lauded boar helmet from the poem, but opts for a Chuck Norris-esque headband instead.
Through all of this, Beowulf can't even wear the oft-lauded boar helmet from the poem, but opts for a Chuck Norris-esque headband instead.
 Through all of this, Beowulf can't even wear the oft-lauded boar helmet from the poem, but opts for a Chuck Norris-esque headband instead.
The documentary-esque realism is very much alive in this film and I have to say that Liman is an excellent director.
Cockhammer is a Troma-esque horror-comedy with a lot of comedy, and very little horror.
 <p>Plus, it's got Tina Krause in it.  She's becoming quite the Debbie Rochon-esque b-movie queen and I think she's great.
 When he's bitten by the James Dean-esque leader of the gang(the two sidekicks look like they stepped out of the Blue Oyster Bar from the Police Academy movies), he becomes a gay werewolf-A Werebear!
 Definitely the most TROMA-esque.
And like many have said, it is very Troma-esque.
 The best one, I thought, was the B@W "Diary of Anne Frankenstein", with its mixture of truly bad taste and Hogan's Hero-esque humor.
I cannot give away any spoilers!<br /><br />This begins as a Rune Soldier-esque middle ages story but halfway through the viewer is fed a giant spoonfull of sci-fi, and the spoons keep getting bigger until the ending.
 It was great as it stood; fairly comic and fairly soap-opera-esque, but I'll leave most of the comments about the content to the better-qualified commentators here.
Leonetti likes smoky nightclubs and motel rooms and the score alternates between jazzy and noir-esque to (unfortunately) synthesized and 80s.
the Scotland of Trainspotting is a rather depressing land of dingy, Detroit-esque post-industrial decay, and even the natural beauty of the local highlands isn't enough to overcome the cynicism that's overtaken Renton and most of his friends.
 All the others are new and of inconsistent quality.  Donald Duck is a Noah-esque hero set to Elgar's Pomp and Circumstance; butterflies dance to Beethoven's 5th Symphony; whales fly as we hear Respighi's Pines of Rome; Al Hirschfeld-esque drawings animate Gershwin's Rhapsody in Blue; Saint-Saen's Carnival of the Animals is accompanied by flamingos with a yo-yo; Nature battles destructive forces to Stravinsky's Firebird Suite; and Shostakovich's Piano Concerto No.
While one might expect a Shatner-esque, over-the-top performance from Carrey, to which we've become accustomed in his comedic work, we are instead given a performance that is both subtle and remarkably powerful.
What do our memories look like if shown as a movie? Dali-esque, if Gondry is to be believed, complete with melting faces.
Picture Mommy Dead (Bert I. Gordon, 1966)<br /><br />Typically Gordon-esque silliness chock full of wretched overacting, pseudo-psychedelic shots, and thoroughly useless plot twists that still manages to be stupidly watchable, even as you wonder why you're not spending your time watching far better movies.
 The apes inhabit a Flintstone-esque city and are divided into three different castes, the Orangutangs, who are the politicans and keepers of the faith, and seemingly the caste in absolute control, the Gorillas, whoa re the workers and the soldiers, and who seem to occupy the lowest position, and the Chimpanzees, who are the scientists and intellectuals.
Instead I was disappointed to find an Indianna Jones-esque adventure.
Pierce Brosnan heats up the screen with Rene Russo in this hot little remake.  Although Bond-esque characteristics are present, Brosnan delivers a look at his corrupt and witty side as an actor.
Some seem to find this grating, but I'm a major fan of this technique. Slow motion lends a battle that classic Peckinpah-esque gritty brutality, and it's used to spectacular effect in "Watchmen".
Manhattan (Billy Crudup) who is a god-like Superman-esque blue skinned being with unique powers, sexy Silk Spectre (Malin Akerman) and very smart and brilliant crimefighter NightOwl (Patrick Wilson) all join together to try to solve the mystery of the Comedian's death.
Manhattan is the god-like power; Rorschach is the Batman-esque thirst to avenge crime; Night Owl II is a bored rich kid; Silk Spectre II is obliged, etc.
The few moments that were supposed to be funny, weren't. A Jerry Springer-esque talk show moment made it that much worse.
Manhattan (Billy Crudup) who is a Superman-esque immortal god of powers, blank masked avenger Roschach (Jackie Earl Haley), sexy buttkicker Silk Spectre (Malin Akerman) and intelligent Batman-esque Nightowl (Patrick Wilson) are together trying to untangle the mystery of who killed Comedian.
At age 30, the uncompromising Bette Davis won her second Best Actress Oscar for her portrait as an 1852-esque Southern femme fatale set against the backdrop of antebellum New Orleans in the midst of a yellow fever outbreak.
 THis movie is very very funny,  fomr it's Blair Witch-esque opening (i know that this came out first) to is  Spedoinkle cast .
Tim Curry gives a strong performance as the Satan-esque character.
Couldn't even stand to watch the thing.  The awful Disney-esque music had me ranting like a mad-woman!
 Ending the Cold War and nuclear arms is an important message  -- too bad the campy sixties-style Batman-esque flick doesn't carry it well.
Igby Goes Down is a miserable, Catcher in the Rye-esque piece of crap.
Didn't really make much sense to stupid me. <p>Don't go into this expecting a great, Armageddon-esque film.
The trio winds up in a Bohemian, free-spirited Manhattan, bonding with Joplin-esque singer, Sadie (Dana Fuchs), Hendrix-inspired rocker, JoJo (Martin Luther McCoy), and sensitive lesbian, Prudence (T.
 Some of the harmonies were nice, and I enjoyed the rocking versions by the Janis-Joplin-esque Sadie.
Robert, a shaman,  (played and sung by Bono, who - with an American accent, channels Ringo and is even Dylan-esque in his cultural references) who sings I Am the Walrus.
John Ratzenberger pops up as a strikingly Bumble-esque Yeti, and Frank Oz and Bonnie Hunt round out the team.
Yes, Tennenbaums has obviously been compared to Rushmore, but I found it more &quot;Magnolia-esque&quot; in humor and almost as artistically filmed as Vertical Ray of the Sun.
No one in the movie truly seems comfortable with the dialogue. It's 40s-esque dialogue and you got people who have been in movies like Erin Brockovich, Lost in Translation, and Dumb & Dumber reciting it.
It's all there, like a paint-by-numbers mockery: monotone Chandler-esque voiceover, check; black-clad femme fatale, check; pouting blonde, corrupt cops, sprawling plot and little resolution, all checked.
this movie is only good if ur looking for an old fashion slasher. its abit scream-esque but not as scary.
this movie is only good if ur looking for an old fashion slasher. its abit scream-esque but not as scary.
What makes this laughable is that there will be some heavy Carmina Burana-esque music accompanying it, as if what we are seeing is really heady drama.
I didn't even need a story- I'd watch hours of the luscious Dali-esque landscapes, flowing ethereal fabric, and twisted Kevorkian-esque creations that make up this film.
Wrong!<p>Moreover, while the imagery in the film is visually stunning and, oftentimes, quite beautiful, almost Dali-esque in its conception and execution, it cannot carry and sustain the film, when the plot and story line thin out.
This movie is an instant classic!!<br /><br />Instead of aiming for sitcom-esque jokes like most of his films, HTTYD has what all Pixar films have: a wide appeal.
Contrary to what some people are saying, I didn't feel like Hiccup was too witty and had 'a juno-esque feel' to him at all.
This is a story about finding your niche in life. Kind of a fairy tale-esque plot,  wonderfully presented.
Though there is a love interest for Molly as well, a Morrissey-esque rock singer (Jesse Spencer) she meets at her birthday party, I wouldn't call this a romantic comedy either, as this fellow isn't the main focus of the film, and their relationship isn't exactly conventional.
 no problems here. the movie  begins to fall apart with some of its more Matrix-esque fight scenes.
It was highly enjoyable and scary enough for my taste in its B movie way. Some great John Carpenter-esque performances.
 Though Carpenter enlists certain elements that may be stereotypical, such as the Romero-esque zombies and the notion of all-encompassing evil attempting to over-take good, Carpenter adds his own unique twists.
 Look at the SPACE MARINE board and video games, and read past HEAVY METAL  issues and look for &quot;Alien-esque&quot; storylines ( where a bunch of  people are out destroying aliens &amp; bugs with cool weaponry ).
Director James Cameron takes us more into an action oriented Alien movie then the horror-esque type of the first film, and it's done extremely well, engrossing you (for the most part) from the first scene, to the very last.
 I gave it four stars out of five only because, although it is hilarious and so "Blamire-esque", it can't have that "new movie smell" that the original had.
 Parts are very "Taming of the Shrew"-esque.
Its a combination of Cops and ER which tries to elevate  itself into art with the Madonna-esque MTV video style footage - and  portentious voice overs, the result is terrible.
That's just the way you say it: Basterds."[8] He stated in an interview that the misspelled title is "a Basquiat-esque touch.
Is there any real concern that people will mistake Tarantino-esque fiction for historical fact?
Paul W. S. Anderson (writer and director) chose the slow, horror-esque build up of the original 'Alien' over the action adventure feeling of 'Aliens'.
Paul W. S. Anderson (writer and director) chose the slow, horror-esque build up of the original 'Alien' over the action adventure feeling of 'Aliens'.
 He meets a Heidi-esque girl and falls in love, and they too, end up in space.
This sub-plot portrayed Dr. No as a poor Frankenstein-esque creature that was just a product of his horrible experiences and mistreatment by a world that rejected him.
This sub-plot portrayed Dr. No, as a poor Frankenstein-esque creature that was just a product of his horrible experiences, and mistreatment by a world that rejected him.
 Olga is played by Natascha McElhone.  Ms. McElhone is fortunate to have been blessed with model-esque good looks; if you look carefully you can see her being out-acted by a footstool, a washstand, and a pair of knitting needles.
 You come to enjoy characters quickly, and unfortunately in many cases watch them fall.  The battles are very Gladiator-esque (for obvious reasons) but they take nothing away, merely enhancing the choas of all out war.
Namely the character Augra is being dubbed with Frank Oz's Miss Piggy-esque voice over and of course there is no music or post-production.
 On the way, he encounters Keira, a girl gelfling, her pomeranian-esque pet, Fizgig (a creature with two sets of teeth and a raging temper), the musical potlins (little hippy creatures who have a lust for life and great music), and many other twists and turns.
Battle in Outer Space is also given an equally respectable release which should please fans of this War of the Worlds-esque semi sequel to the Toho masterpiece The Mysterians.
Through all of this, Beowulf can't even wear the oft-lauded boar helmet from the poem, but opts for a Chuck Norris-esque headband instead.
Through all of this, Beowulf can't even wear the oft-lauded boar helmet from the poem, but opts for a Chuck Norris-esque headband instead.
 Through all of this, Beowulf can't even wear the oft-lauded boar helmet from the poem, but opts for a Chuck Norris-esque headband instead.
While the more intense persona isn't seen, he nails that playboy-esque side of 007 as well as the resourceful and knowledgeable side who can shoot his way through anything.
Okay, listen and listen good.<br /><br />This is the third and next season of episodes of that superheroic team of anime-esque adolecents, the Teen Titans.
The actual fight scenes are top-notch, and once or twice, you even have a slightly funny Jackie Chan-esque moment.
There is great footage of the Chang Hon Forms, breaking demos, Hapkido-esque self defence and even some techniques done on the knees.
Also noteworthy for its sprawl and ensemble work, both of which are Altman-esque.
This was very Altman-esque, with lots of activity and talk at once making the subtitles difficult to follow.
Personally, that's my favourite part of the film; an almost storybook-esque sequence and still so breathtakingly fluid and full of life, living Po's dream of his possible life as a warrior.
 Also it is really refreshing to see a movie about love and relationships that doesn't focus on model-esque twenty something guys and gals.
The closing performance of the movie with U2 presents a very U2-esque version of `Tower of song' that could have sounded better if performed live, which is not the case.
And it never strays to the realm of the over-the-top murder tales that are full of larger-than-life characters and Clue-esque easy answers.
I can see why this long pregnant wait leaves some viewers wraught. But personally I found this Agatha Christie-esque unravelling of each individual's idiosynchrasies fascinating, because it sets up a "motive" for several of our characters.
It's twice as much fun if many people COULD have executed the murder. <p>Enter: Stephen Fry as a very Sherlock Holmes-esque investigator, pipe and trenchcoat and all.
The action scenes are very dry cut and not so megaexplosive huge blockbuster boy movie-esque, but really aren't those available everywhere?
well, actually still looks pretty impressively Kraken-esque.
The action scenes are very dry cut and not so megaexplosive huge blockbuster boy movie-esque, but really aren't those available everywhere?
<p>The film's plot centers around a Star Chamber-esque group and their new hit-man recruit, Remo Williams (Ward), who they set on the trail of a corrupt government contractor (Charles "Section Chief Blevins on the X-Files" Cioffi).
Christopher Walken has a great time doing a parody of himself throughout the movie. He's hilarious as he does his Walken-esque soliloquies for everyone except the people that might actually have gotten a clue from his ramblings and figured out that this backwoods bad guy has more than one screw loose.
 It doesn't matter much these days what the topic surrounds, as long as there are long picture-esque images of Americana (or some other country), coupled with a tender moment, a blasting score, and sympathy towards anything - than the epic will reign supreme.
The script is very funny and well-written -- dialogues are a bit Kevin Smith-esque, but more genuine and less over-the-top.
<p>A lot of the comic force of the movie comes from this look into our habits, and the Garfield-esque slouch which has resulted from Dex having so many bad ones.
 THis movie is very very funny,  fomr it's Blair Witch-esque opening (i know that this came out first) to is  Spedoinkle cast .
it's all brilliantly presented. I particulary like James Bond-esque  theme of the movie.
Although I may be ashamed to listen to them frequently, Seeley's Timberlake-esque vocals plus that typical pop sound are a good(if tired) combination.
If you are looking for Simpsons-esque punchlines or the predictable situations of Seinfeld, look elsewhere.
 This after his picture-esque Norman Rockwell-type family is uprooted by the kidnapping of his nine-year-old daughter.
Even so, after trying my best to just enjoy it, this movie was truly apocryphal. Every bit of the Adams-esque dialogue  has been removed, the characters have been stripped of their charm, the opening scene with singing dolphins made my teeth hurt, and the acting left much to be desired.
The annoying Disney-esque familiar to our villain, Rasputan, is an obnoxious little white bat (which channels Iago from Aladdin) who inexplicably moves from being a sinister and vindictive side-kick to an unwilling and disinterested participant to his master's evil scheme.
 I'm not going to whine about how the end just didn't tie it all in together. I'm not going to complain about the MTV-esque version of &quot;Wise Up&quot; in the middle of the film.
 Because I knew of the multiple storylines, i expected something tarantino-esque with something that tied together neatly.
 The other actors have strong, Monty Python-esque performances, particularly in their voices.
quaint at this point. Made in the early 1970s, it features a Joan Baez song and some decidedly hippie-esque trappings.
Considering the Columbine type content, I'm surprised it hasn't been banned. It's an 80's shocker, kind of Fight Club-esque.
After Veronica begins to despise her supposed friends, she meets up with Jason Dean, played by the young "Jack Nicholson-esque" Christian Slater, whom helps to escalate this hatred for the Heathers (and some others.
A fine Tyrone Power action picture, with Power at his most George Clooney-esque as a Spanish outlaw who makes his way to the New World as a member of Hernando Cortez's invading army.
It's more interesting than your average dumb-blonde-esque flick.
The film DAVE could be called "Capra-esque" to a point with its optimism and feel good ending.
Kevin Kline's performance brings to mind a Jimmy Stewart-type performance (hence the reference to Capra-esque and "Mr Smith.
 The cinematography is the strongest aspect of this movie.  You'll be transported into a beautiful Eden-esque valley that seems too good to be true.
With modern westerns becoming more and more watered down into Michael Bay-esque shoot-out snoozefests, it's hard to find that progressive story line that used to be commonplace in the true westerns of the 50's, 60's and 70's.
No, this isn't standard Hollywood-esque fare; No, this isn't a penetrating psycho-analysis of one man's life or of an extreme sport; No, this isn't even great film-making.
Dead End finds the pack of forest dwelling inbred cannibals stalking the cast and crew of a reality TV, Survivor-esque show.
Dan Dark, writer of noir, Raymond Chandler-esque Detective fiction is suffering from a severe skin condition that has made him virtually a prisoner in his own body.
I could have done without the bad humor or the Jurassic Park-esque baby Godzilla side story, but I kinda like this Godzilla.
 More lighthearted and Back to the Future-esque, but almost as enjoyable.
At moments, it almost descends into a Mel Gibson-esque orgy of pain.
the film is actually sad, but has a very truthful feeling. it is filmed reality show-esque, with a "bouncing camera".
 Even the snow scene conjures up "St. Louis"-esque visions.
As a direct result, only in her vocal abilities throughout the film does she truly excel; that rich Garland-esque bravado rocking the speakers with a powerful zest for the material she's been given.
Of course the night of the big show- Lucy's eyes are dialated and the show is "Lucy-esque".
If you don't care how stupid the jokes are, how idiotic the acting and plot is, how they thought to fit a Godzilla-esque fight seen in the middle and just want to be entertained down to the tiny hairs growing at the end of your toes buy this.
Only thing that might have been AKIRA-esque would be some of the BIO weapons in a breif portion of the film.
And holy crap, Madonna is in this picture and there isn't a single cover song or cameo-esque feel.
 At the beginning of the movie it feels like  another Star Trek - Battlestar Galactica-esque movie; you are in deep space  searching for a lost ship and then when you find it there are no life  signs.
His Chaplin-esque gestures and facial expressions speak volumes.
 His Chaplin-esque gestures and facial expressions speak volumes.
And Hal Holbrook's gritty barfly/philosopher is a kind of "Twain-esque" sage himself, very much like the one Hal made his own years ago with his countless one-man shows of "Mark Twain Tonight!
 "Crouching Tiger" surprised many people with it's "Disney-esque" or "Wizard Of Oz" fantasy plot and visuals, but "Hero" defines the understanding of the secret developments of real warriors.
 In a Hemingway-esque turn, they all die in one way or another for a stupid wooden bridge.
And how sad is it that my favorite part and character from the movie was Aro? Probably because he's a proper Rice-esque vampire.
Yes, Tennenbaums has obviously been compared to Rushmore, but I found it more &quot;Magnolia-esque&quot; in humor and almost as artistically filmed as Vertical Ray of the Sun.
<p>I guess 'Harold and Maude' plays on '60s-esque themes of turning maverick, challenging societal moulds, denouncing materialism.
 I guess in the film the future doesn't seem so future-esque.
 The cinematography and editing is first-rate, a real feast for the eyes, and I enjoyed the Ella-esque mid-century Jazz score.
 The president (a Clinton-esque Bill Bullman) calls upon military services to fight these creatures.
The score composed by John Powell was all right; It suited the action-esque atmosphere in the movie but you'll be hard pressed to even bother paying attention to it.
And finally, Anna Paquin concludes her pointless attempt at conceptualizing Rogue. Instead of the Southern, wonder girl-esque charm, there is the typical $5.
Then there is the other main music theme playing periodically throughout the film: a Glinka-esque piano.
 For example: I love dialogue in Scorsese, Tarantino-esque movies, and I could have very easily obsessed over the lack of dialogue in The New World, and it would have caused me to miss all the good stuff.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
Pepper and Green play their Reservoir-Dogs-esque roles capably, though as the film progresses the roles themselves get more ludicrous.
 Also it is really refreshing to see a movie about love and relationships that doesn't focus on model-esque twenty something guys and gals.
The religious girl mows down a group of soldiers like she's watering the garden... pffft... the kickback with her rambo-esque blaze of glory (short burst people.
Paul W. S. Anderson (writer and director) chose the slow, horror-esque build up of the original 'Alien' over the action adventure feeling of 'Aliens'.
 The perfect heroine.<br /><br />The way this movie was done, with the dark, gritty, noir-esque settings of Batman and the 'lightness' of the dark comedy from Nicholson's Joker, gives the movie a vitality that all the others have lacked to a certain extent.
Batman Returns has a very creative and &quot;Burton-esque&quot;  visual style, yet it's so unrelentingly dark it can't compare to the first,  and the best.
As a fan of war-esque cinema, I have seen the greats: Saving Private Ryan, Band of Brothers, First Blood, etc.
 The president (a Clinton-esque Bill Bullman) calls upon military services to fight these creatures.
The fact that this Frankenstein's monster is not the typical, "Karloff-esque", square-headed green-skinned guy with bolts in his neck is a big plus, and gives the film real originality.
Considering the Columbine type content, I'm surprised it hasn't been banned. It's an 80's shocker, kind of Fight Club-esque.
After Veronica begins to despise her supposed friends, she meets up with Jason Dean, played by the young "Jack Nicholson-esque" Christian Slater, whom helps to escalate this hatred for the Heathers (and some others.
Also, the ladies' outfits begin to become a tad bit more Dynasty-esque as well.
As for the film itself - by now, everyone knows that it's a Campbell-esque &quot;hero's journey&quot; dressed up as a gothic horror/suspense yarn.
a stately mansion/castle w/ intensely loyal servants and a cavalcade of one-of-a-kind gizmos and James-Bond-esque weapons and gadgets, not to mention a garage full of Jaguars, Porsches and BMW's.
. . <p>. . . and so it is with `Memento', a pastiche of Jim<br />Thompson-esque crime cliches complicated, but not<br />deepened, by a fairly original cinematic device.
. . <p>. . . and so it is with `Memento', a pastiche of Jim<br />Thompson-esque crime cliches complicated, but not<br />deepened, by a fairly original cinematic device.
I suppose the Gibson-esque world of Ghost in the Shell  is considered much more interesting by most than the Flash Gordon hamminess  of Lum, but if one looks closely they will find just as thoughtfully  crafted work and, in the case of the first movie, an excellent example of  how a ridiculous idea can be skillfully molded into engaging, light-hearted  entertainment.
 It also touches upon the controversies started by James Frey and his ilk.  I love the way one character acts in a Poe-esque, "Telltale Heart" fashion.
Perhaps it's the PG rating, but I feel that the dark side of Montana--seamy, smoke-filled, Lolo-esque, where lost souls lurk in the shadows of drunkenness and addiction--is never fully realized (case-in-point: Paul, as well as Jessie's brother).
 xXx uses a plethora of James Bond-esque type gadgets and excellorates them using X-Treme sports.
 It doesn't matter much these days what the topic surrounds, as long as there are long picture-esque images of Americana (or some other country), coupled with a tender moment, a blasting score, and sympathy towards anything - than the epic will reign supreme.
Very Tarantino-esque, but Duffy leaves Tarantino for dead.
I was more or less expecting a Tarantino-esque crime movie with some wierdass characters and lots of cursing, which is more or less what I got.
I would've preferred either a longer film with a more fleshed out progression of events, or a more Tarantino/Scorcese-esque approach giving the actors more time to indulge us with their characters peculiarities.
To start, Boondock Saints is blatently inspired by the Tarentino-esque style that has seemed to become popular among the indie crowd lately.
Boondock Saints is an odd movie, know that going in.  It has some Tarantino-esque violence and surreal humor.
In a Skywalker-esque plot twist at the end, the three team up to execute a mobster as he pleads innocent in the courtroom.
 And I'll take a good Tarantino-esque vibe anyday.
 The "Dutch" guy appears out of nowhere, and he's made out to be some sort of super-killer, Hannible Lector-esque character but the only thing really said about him was something like "they only use him when things get really bad.
 Director Rick Rosenthal (who directed the latest Halloween: Resurrection) decided to go without most of the cat & mouse-esque Carpenter style suspense of the first film, opting instead to make the film much more graphic than the original.
male witch).<p>The film is very Cthulhu-esque in its mood.
 The president (a Clinton-esque Bill Bullman) calls upon military services to fight these creatures.
I've got to hand it to Roger Corman for this one; Wasp Woman is a pretty darn good movie (albeit with vintage Corman-esque not so special effects).
 The Burroughs-esque world portrayed here by Cronenberg is dark and stark, providing the perfect ambience for this sinister story.
Look, I even get the fact the Shayamalan meant this to be a sort of "B-esque" movie.
 In one of the movie's more "Shyamalan-esque" moments, the explanation actually is anticipated very early in the film by a high school student in science class.
Look, I even get the fact the Shayamalan meant this to be a sort of "B-esque" movie.
so werewolves and vampires were out, Satanism in. So here we get a Wheatley-esque story of powerful people sucked into devil-worship grafted onto an old fashioned Dracula story.
A gratuitous music video-esque performance by singer Ashanti chops up the flow of the plot and seems out of place in the middle of the film.
 The color of the sky doesn't look different, but feels different.  The biggest alteration, though, is that a Hitler-esque dictator who lost the Presidential election the day before now has won and the new regime has already begun taking control.
I especially enjoy his voice, which despite relying a bit heavily on a stereotypical Chappelle-esque crack tone, still utilizes the colourful mumbles and lazy eloquence that have served Def well as an MC.
16 Blocks is a relatively predictable 48 Hours-esque picture, but it kept me glued for the full length of the film.
As it turns out, Sam, with Keaton-esque antics and eccentric nature, is just the housekeeper that Joon has been looking for, and they fall in love.
 The physical comedy and capturing that Keaton/Chaplin-esque style was fantastic and the same can be said with the brother and sister chemistry between Aidan Quinn and Mary Stuart Masterson.
If the 2012-esque sequence doesn't hook you, than the introduction to George and his ghost whispering abilities will.
Does June mean anything to you?." Very John Edwards-esque.
This is a gorgeous fantasy epic with a hefty dose of Monty Python-esque comedy thrown in for good measure.
 The cast is pretty close to all star including Robin Williams, Uma Thurman as a Botticelli-esque Venus, John Neville and even Terry Gilliam himself.
Why would he cut an important keystone of the book's plot? Yet he decides to replace that with Cuban Missile Crisis-esque conflict down on Earth, which feels incredibly irrelevant in present year of 2004.
Jackson is certainly eye opening enough, but beyond it's exploitation-esque gloss, Black Snake Moan is a surprisingly heartfelt and even touching excursion from Hustle & Flow writer/director Craig Brewer.
"Everyday" (also Gabriella and Troy) is in the same vein, a Britney-esque bouncer with a finale that seems literally straight out of a black church.
"Everyday" (also Gabriella and Troy) is in the same vein, a Britney-esque bouncer with a finale that seems literally straight out of a black church.
a van peebles-esque tour de force with a kind of orson welles twist.
 Hilarious!  Lorna Luft plays a Marilyn Monroe-esque Pink Lady and gets to sing her one  solo line in this scene.
Plus, he had a really dodgy Steven Segal-esque ponytail.
 When showing Darger's paintings, I didn't need to see little soldier's arms moving in some rip-off Monty Python-esque style.
 War begins to brew as the reptillian-esque Scarrans now seek the wormhole technology Crichton knows to rule the universe, no matter the cost.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
 We are guided through the process of design and creation of Tolkien-esque characters for the production of.
Cars 2 just feels very flat emotionally, and loaded with Michael Bay-esque pyrotechnics to compensate.
still maintain some basic traits which are representative of their species, they also operate as fable-esque types who satirize many human traits.
 He spends approximately 80% of the film, making exaggerated "all work and no play..."-esque faces.
In Farscape, you'll see: Bladerunner-esque cities, bars full of aliens like the Mos Eisley Cantina, a cemetery planet, even a mining colony inside a space creature's carcass.
 And of course Rob Reiner's Capra-esque moment is Shepard fighting back at the end, defending his membership of the ACLU and the rights of his girlfriend to burn flags.
 The comical line "Lois Lane?" that he sputters while brushing his teeth (it had a certain Scooby-esque quality) and the even more comical physical acting he does a little later where he keeps prompting Lois to say a certain name so he can unleash the hounds at her.
They lost the meaning and it proved to be a typical Twilight Zone-esque horror movie without much intellectual content.
 He soon abondons his Kafka-esque existence and stops going to work, dumps his nagging b**tch of a girlfriend, and gets the courage to ask out a disgruntled waitress (Aniston).
 Her mother, Christine, in all her Donna Reed-esque perfection  feels something is amiss and explores her own psyche to find the answers to her uneasy feelings.
 For a historically based film, the least they could have added was a short PBS-esque documentary on actual code talkers.
 James Horner's mostly overplayed score -- except for the "Saving private Ryan"-esque overture and the occasional haunting "flutes" -- doesn't help.
There's a Taratino-esque quality to it that he even approve of this movie as being one of his favorite movies ever and now it has became a cult classic that even thrilled critics.
 Elisha Cuthbert is ethereal, with a Marilyn Monroe-esque appeal.
Yet, somehow what I once thought impossible, without going cheesy, B-movie-esque with the whole production, was brought to an entertaining reality.
Jimbob" in these pages) that this is a modern Kurosawa-esque film.
While far from profound, the film's acceptable Odyssy-esque story takes second chair to a wacked-out, 100% convincing vision of the future and the community of characters who inhabit the portions of it that the film concerns itself with, some of which was quite memorable;<p>A pirate thug named "Scummy", square zero-g pigs, a bar/diner set in a revolving hub ala 2001 to simulate gravity, self-defense mechanisms with apparent senses of humor, and an uproarious, innappropriately hilarious death machine monster that is right out of Red Dwarf.
 Kitano is a darker, more sinister Zatoichi, and the action is a lot more Tarantino-esque.
 In what seems like a Kaufman-esque joke on his audience Carrey reverts back to his Ace Ventura form as a split personality, so misrepresented, so misdiagnosed that I wonder if the writers bothered to pick up a medical book in researching this.
Everyone here is pitch-perfect: Hepburn, Holden, Bogie and the incomparable Billy Wilder.  This is a classic Cinderella-esque story of a young, poor girl hopelessly in love with the son of her father's employer.
 This is not the shoddy Ted Turner-esque colorization of the 1980s, and the advance of technology in the interim decades certainly shows in a positive way.
 It's not cartoonish or Disney-esque at all, but it does do a very nice job of showing the benefits of having a healthy respect and appreciation for animals.
 Kiefer Sutherland's Peter Lorre-esque dialogue is kind of annoying, but you get used to it, and it's interesting to see him so vulnerable and weak, like Bruce Willis in "12 Monkeys" or Denzel Washington in "The Manchurian Candidate (2004)".
 Rufus Sewell, Jennifer Connoly, and William Hurt are more than passable, and Kiefer Sutherland's perfomance as a Lorre-esque psychologist must be seen to be believed.
Here we have a teen-aged Goku that is forced into the Hollywood-esque cookie cutter of powerful teenage boy that lacks self-confidence and must deal with bullies in High-school, albeit in a slightly different way than we're used to.
Did we really need more Transformer-esque morphing vehicles with their heavily angular design?
Goku is insecure and a bit of a weiner.<br />32. The action was very un-Dragonball-esque.
The movie turns into a whodunnit of sorts, but without resorting to "Scream"-esque cliches.
There's Casey (Elijah Wood), the Steven King-esque nerd, Delilah (Jordana Brewster) the cheerleader/newspaper editor, Stan (Shawn Hatosy) the jock who wants to focus on his grades, Stokely (Clea DuVall) the goth, possibly a lesbian and the fountain of all knowledge on science fiction, Mary Beth (Laura Harris) the new girl from Atlanta, and Zeke (Josh Hartnett) the bad-boy who's the school's local drug dealer.
 That's 100% good with me so right away I was expecting a Kubrick-esque film.
 Dialogue, as always for Scorsese, is great with some of Nicholson's lines being Tarantino-esque.
 This movie tries too hard to be like other movies.  From the beginning long shot with Nicholson voice-over to the Joker-esque facial musings, Matt Damon sounding like he just stepped off the Good Will Hunting set, it was just kind of sad.
I really liked it. Love Jagger's moves and the Elvis-esque white sequin jumper he wears!
But as much as City of God will disturb you, it's hard to not feel Meirelles's Scorsese-esque talent radiate from the screen (there are more than a few parallels to Goodfellas here).
As for Pierce Brosnan, well this is #3 for him so he's still as suave and Bond-esque with the action hero coming into play whenever he needs to.
Connery-esque!
Nothing Hollywood-esque about this film.
 The M. Night Shyamalan-esque twist reveals that Marie and the killer are one and the same.
Diddy himself manages to do more than stare blankly with mouth agape.  The Raymond Carver-esque story intertwines a series of tragedies stemming from an execution, all of which could become camp if it weren't for the capable approach of director Marc Forster.
If anything, From Paris with Love is another great addition to the more recent over-the-top and B-movie-esque action titles like Shoot 'Em Up, Crank, and the Transporter movies.
 It has an almost Troma-esque feel to it (and if you're considering buying this movie, you know who Troma is).
I know they were alluding to Ezekiel's UFO-esque "wheel" at the end, but I'm a bit tired of the "glorious awe" effect.
This is another great, heart-stopping scene.<br /><br />The ending is a disappointing Spielberg-esque clich&eacute; that is only relieved with a final set of special effects that rival "Armageddon" and "The Day After Tomorrow".
 Don't go into this movie expecting a warm and fuzzy Kate and Leopold-esque feeling, but do expect to root for Bullock at least over her sleazy adversary.
 Don't go into this movie expecting a warm and fuzzy Kate and Leopold-esque feeling, but do expect to root for Bullock at least over her sleazy adversary.
As an adult, I appreciated the subtle nods to the Disney franchise, such as a wide shot of a very Space Mountain-esque building (sitting behind a sign reading "Todayland").
For example, the line given by the Wednesday Addams-esque character early in the film.
its..."mature" aspects. No there's no sex but there's some small amounts of violence(don't worry, nothing Sleepy Hollow-esque here).
 I kept laughing at the ridiculous MacGyver-esque schemes the main character devised to outwit dangerous professional killers.
Although the opening few minutes felt more TV-esque than magical, they were quickly whisked away by the sumptuous middle and ending of the film.
It's not an episode of 'Friends'. It's a fun, off-beat, Tim Burton-esque fairytale more in the style of 'Big Fish' than Narnia.
As the opening Addams Family-esque credits by Pablo Ferro rolled over blatant love scenes between planes and phallic missiles and meadow lark love scene music trickled to my ears, I knew I was in for a treat.
Re: The Corinth Version<br /><br />Upon beginning Welles' epic Inception-esque neo-noir of a power-hungry man using the dredges of the world as his puppets, the average cinemaphile may become disillusioned.
Nightmares, hello! He appears in an almost Adam & Eve-esque scenario.
i can say various things about why i love this movie, but most importantly i think is the hitchcock-esque atmoshpere and the dark alien underworld alongside the innocent down to earth relationship between kyle's and laura's characters play a lot on how a person will view the film.
The Ant Bully (John A. Davis, 2006)<br /><br />Davis (Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius) returns with this Pixar-esque kids' flick that is, in reality, not for kids.
As the opening Addams Family-esque credits by Pablo Ferro rolled over blatant love scenes between planes and phallic missiles and meadow lark love scene music trickled to my ears, I knew I was in for a treat.
 The performances are all around solid.  Dennis Hopper turns in a clever and decidedly Hopper-esque performance as a reluctant Philistine general.
Throw in a disgruntled Jabba-esque Scotsman who knows just the wrong things to say, and a few especially nasty gross-out moments (Austin drinking an ersatz cup o&#8217; joe, and the infamous tent scene), and you have a little something for everybody!
 Her dad was an old pothead and very Willie-esque in his way, so I think that made it extra funny for her.
the Scotland of Trainspotting is a rather depressing land of dingy, Detroit-esque post-industrial decay, and even the natural beauty of the local highlands isn't enough to overcome the cynicism that's overtaken Renton and most of his friends.
Reily (nice to see him doing drama again), the father is an oblivious Fred Flinstone-esque idiot that wants a friend more than a son.
 And of course Rob Reiner's Capra-esque moment is Shepard fighting back at the end, defending his membership of the ACLU and the rights of his girlfriend to burn flags.
so werewolves and vampires were out, Satanism in. So here we get a Wheatley-esque story of powerful people sucked into devil-worship grafted onto an old fashioned Dracula story.
 <p>Spinning this tale of murder and corruption in a Nazi-esque England was pure genius -- Richard's murderous successes gain a momentum that is reminiscent of Hitler's and Stalin's respective power grabs, and we get a true sense of danger from Richard's ascension.
Ashley Judd was WAY too Hollywood-esque (is that a word?
 That's 100% good with me so right away I was expecting a Kubrick-esque film.
 Kiefer Sutherland's Peter Lorre-esque dialogue is kind of annoying, but you get used to it, and it's interesting to see him so vulnerable and weak, like Bruce Willis in "12 Monkeys" or Denzel Washington in "The Manchurian Candidate (2004)".
 Rufus Sewell, Jennifer Connoly, and William Hurt are more than passable, and Kiefer Sutherland's perfomance as a Lorre-esque psychologist must be seen to be believed.
Didn't get it. But what *was* there was pretty good/interesting. The "Labyrinth" is a mildly amusing Myst-esque DVD game feature for an alternate way to access some interviews, production stills, etc.
 But even for Scorsese, a comedy entails a word processor's date with a nice girl turning into an infinitely Kafka-esque nightmare where one bad episode follows another.
 Like others have said, Oliver Stone was the films flaw.  Had it been Tarantino-esque in it's directing, I think it would have had more appeal, and less of the headache flavor.
Javier Bardem steals the show here as a zombie-esque bad guy who kills people with a cattle gun as he stalks Josh Brolin who has Bardem's $2 million from a drug deal gone bad.
 The earlier portion of the film contains a great many one-on-one duels, further enhancing the Leone-esque feel, and they are all quite nicely done, if brief.
The self-righteous monologues get even more intolerable when Frank is joined in his quest by the young Roxy, a Juno-esque character who gets an entire scene where she rails against the movie JUNO and explains in great detail her love of Alice Cooper.
The self-righteous monologues get even more intolerable when Frank is joined in his quest by the young Roxy, a Juno-esque character who gets an entire scene where she rails against the movie JUNO and explains in great detail her love of Alice Cooper.
Just wasted $3.99 on this video. Highschool-esque actors, recycled Lord-of-the-Rings props, road movie storyline.
David Lynch's take on Dune is nothing short of pretty darn good. It definitely gets weird (a.k.a. David Lynch-esque) in places, but overall the feel and tone of the movie are wonderful.
The cliched pieces stolen from hollywood-esque action films are tongue-in-cheek and very well placed by the directors.
 You knew he was physically powerful, but in this movie Dennehy achieves  Brando-esque emotional power.
Reality TV show-esque?
The Asylum might have just found itself a Fanning-esque prodigy.
As the opening Addams Family-esque credits by Pablo Ferro rolled over blatant love scenes between planes and phallic missiles and meadow lark love scene music trickled to my ears, I knew I was in for a treat.
Don't listen to nay-sayers who  describe the ending as too open or the film's demon as too Darth Maul-esque.
And, Charles got it right in it being Miyazaki-esque (except not in the way he meant).
And, Charles got it right in it being Miyazaki-esque (except not in the way he meant).
 Ray elects for a nonlinear approach, with an abundance of flashbacks, and a spectacular, Fellini-esque dream sequence (centered around Mukherjee's greatest fears).
male witch).<p>The film is very Cthulhu-esque in its mood.
 We witness the ending of playwright Barton Fink's (John Turturro in a somewhat Eraserhead-esque coif) latest creation, an allegedly social-realist drama about working-class Jews on the lower east side of Manhattan.
Lector look like a Sesame Street character. Bale's cold, charismatic, misogynist turn is riveting. His James Bondian-esque face changes to the devilish mask with the reptilian eyes so rapidly, that your blood would freeze.
Whereas Travis Bickle (DeNiro) had an almost innocent, Holden Caulfield-esque outlook on life and the drive to be a heroic figure that saves the world, Patrick Bateman sees the world as an extension of his "greed and disgust".
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
He's, what, 43 years old? And he's playing an Evel Knievel-esque, motocyclying hotshot who jumps everything from cars to spinning helicopter blades?
This creates a rather Fellini-esque atmosphere and causes some friction among the ladies as well as a couple of their deaths.
 It's that Gilliam-esque mastery of the absurd; treat it as if it happens  every day.
 The 7  1/2 floor is almost &quot;Gilliam-esque&quot;- in fact, when I first saw  the preview I assumed it was Terry Gilliam's (Brazil, 12 Monkeys) newest  film.
Tarentino-esque fun.
Tarentino-esque fun.
Despite the audience only coming out of their zombie-esque state for the encore "Takin' Care of Business," Bachman, Turner and their colleagues turn in a fine effort.
yes, its slowly paced, yes there is little in the way of bond-esque action.
 All I knew it was going to be a slow, measured British spy drama and not to expect it to be all Bond-esque.
Considering the Columbine type content, I'm surprised it hasn't been banned. It's an 80's shocker, kind of Fight Club-esque.
After Veronica begins to despise her supposed friends, she meets up with Jason Dean, played by the young "Jack Nicholson-esque" Christian Slater, whom helps to escalate this hatred for the Heathers (and some others.
It was written and directed by Edward F. Cline and Keaton.  This very Kafka-esque film is Keaton's response to the Fatty Arbuckle scandal.
 I've occasionally had a hankering to trot out a Shakespear-esque play I wrote when I was 16, in which I play all the characters.
My only two complaints were that the actor playing the grandson seemed like he was trying for Heath Ledger-esque - not bad but not lacking originality and the the actor portraying the restaurateur fiancee overemoted his excitement a bit too much, in my opinion.
The film DAVE could be called "Capra-esque" to a point with its optimism and feel good ending.
Kevin Kline's performance brings to mind a Jimmy Stewart-type performance (hence the reference to Capra-esque and "Mr Smith.
 Nothing is really ever said about the Celtic deities, and the druid character Galen is more of a Yoda-esque mentor/Merlin-esque magician than anything that actually resembles the historical druids.
Take the look/sound/tempo of &quot;Run, Lola, Run&quot; and apply it liberally to a James Bond -esque story.
Kiefer Sutherland as Jack Bauer plays a great vigilante-esque government agent and Sarah Clarke as Nina Myers is a great complement to his character, as the two try to balance out right and wrong in their morally gray world.
 Shades of a Clancy-esque style.
 You won't find any corny High School Musical-esque lyrics in this movie.
 Kiefer Sutherland's Peter Lorre-esque dialogue is kind of annoying, but you get used to it, and it's interesting to see him so vulnerable and weak, like Bruce Willis in "12 Monkeys" or Denzel Washington in "The Manchurian Candidate (2004)".
 Rufus Sewell, Jennifer Connoly, and William Hurt are more than passable, and Kiefer Sutherland's perfomance as a Lorre-esque psychologist must be seen to be believed.
As the opening Addams Family-esque credits by Pablo Ferro rolled over blatant love scenes between planes and phallic missiles and meadow lark love scene music trickled to my ears, I knew I was in for a treat.
 As the director Joe Carnahan commented in the 'making of' featurettes, there is a Dante-esque feel that the two cops are descending further and further into Hell, and their facades become more and more stripped away, revealing Oak to be some sort of a madman.
 The M. Night Shyamalan-esque twist reveals that Marie and the killer are one and the same.
 Oscar (Nathaniel Brown) is an American, living in Tokyo.  Or at least a No&eacute;-esque Tokyo full of drugs and bass-thumbing club music.
From stunning POV work, to long steadicam shots to bird's-eye-view to Superman-esque flying-through-the-sky shots, Enter the Void has camera choreography that would make the jaws of Alfred Hitchcock and Brian De Palma drop.
 Oscar (Nathaniel Brown) is an American, living in Tokyo.  Or at least a No&eacute;-esque Tokyo full of drugs and bass-thumbing club music.
The concept of the film itself is genius and has an H.P. Lovecraft-esque feel to it, the performances are just outstanding and the special effects still hold up in this digital age.
Leonetti likes smoky nightclubs and motel rooms and the score alternates between jazzy and noir-esque to (unfortunately) synthesized and 80s.
Price&quot; (and he even grew a Vincent-esque mustache.
Past that, the only original torture-esque thing they did was the room that fills up with sand.
I actually enjoyed the fact that Trinity took on a sort of Shaft-esque vibe, especially in the opening sequence where Blade emerges from the fire and the camera freezes at various points in the action during the credits, very much like what you'd see in a 70's blaxpoitation film.
Imagine "I Am Legend" being remade for roughly $50,000 and you have this movie's flavor. Zombie-esque vampire plague destroys most of America, leaving a few enclave towns (oddly) untouched and most of the nation a wasteland.
I don't know if Damici is a great actor (this is the first time I've seen his work), but he fits this Eastwood-esque role like a worn leather glove.
 It also has a definite <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000GW8UAE">Simon & Simon - Season One</a>-esque feel to it, being as it is the story of two unlikely and completely opposite partners and the more-than-it-seems adventure they find themselves falling into.
A very funny Byrne-esque prophecy.
 Byrne himself, a non-actor, adopts the affectless Warhol-esque pose that often served him well in interviews.
and proceeds to chase the surfers on to the island." More disinterest. "Where they encounter some Rambo-esque militarists and jungle booby traps a la Indiana Jones.
This one features teleporting zombie-esque ghosts that can literally rip a person's brains out then eat a person but can be destroyed in an unusual way unlike the traditional bullet in the head which is interesting.
The art is vaguely CLAMP-esque, bringing the groups' series X(/1999) to mind.
It contains a $h!tload of dialouge, in a Tarantino-esque style, that will have you laughing, while making you think at the same time, and is in my opinion an extreamly well done piece of film work for an independent piece.
As fate would have it, a handsome Robin Hood-esque young man named Flynn Rider is attempting to escape the guards at the Royal Palace, and naturally happens upon Rapunzel's tower while Gothel is gone.
They just need to ramp up the creative juices and come up with the next "Little Mermaid"-esque hit.
Instead I was disappointed to find an Indianna Jones-esque adventure.
And it never strays to the realm of the over-the-top murder tales that are full of larger-than-life characters and Clue-esque easy answers.
I can see why this long pregnant wait leaves some viewers wraught. But personally I found this Agatha Christie-esque unravelling of each individual's idiosynchrasies fascinating, because it sets up a "motive" for several of our characters.
It's twice as much fun if many people COULD have executed the murder. <p>Enter: Stephen Fry as a very Sherlock Holmes-esque investigator, pipe and trenchcoat and all.
However, what blew me away the most wasn't the fullness of the blockbuster-esque sound effects, but the subtlety of the dynamics and all the little noises.
 He even has a brief training montage which includes some Rocky-esque sweaty ab work.
 Camp it up people!!!!! This tries too hard to be BBC-esque, which is fine I love a good BBC production, but my goodness this was produced in the 80's, the last decade of the fun, enjoyable mini series and this one ended the decade on a sour note in my opinion, I've watched the first disc and doubt I will continue on.
This is a story of hitting rock bottom, then starting to make a recovery. There is no Jimmy Stewart-esque happy ending, just as that does not occur in real life.
This is a story of hitting rock bottom, then starting to make a recovery. There is no Jimmy Stewart-esque happy ending, just as that does not occur in real life.
 Hilarious!  Lorna Luft plays a Marilyn Monroe-esque Pink Lady and gets to sing her one  solo line in this scene.
When an important executive of the NASA-esque company where Hawke works is murdered, he becomes the prime suspect when an eyelash of his is identifed during the police investigation.
Granted, Gattaca certainly tries to be all things to all people - it sells itself variously as a Philip K. Dick-esque sci-fi, as a Tense Political Thriller, an Edgy Romance, even as a Rumination on Filial Love and Obligation - but in my book it fails badly on every count.
 The acting was extremely organic, yet not directed and produced in a cheap, film-student-esque way.
I loved this movie!  Eraserhead meets The Forbidden Zone with a touch of John Waters-esque humor.
The film has been categorized as Tarantino-esque.
The film has been categorized as Tarantino-esque.
&quot;Evil Dead&quot; is indeed without question, the BEST zombie-esque movie since &quot;Night Of The Living Dead&quot;, and is a non-stop thrill ride at every turn!
The soft-focused, noir-esque, 1930s-style retrofuture of "Sky Captain" is a visual feast to behold, unabashedly revelling in obvious influences as Lang's "Metropolis" and B-movies of the 1930s.
No one knows who is behind this until they call Sky Captain (Jude Law) who has his own incredible James Bond-esque plane that can swim under water as well as fly.
 Don't go into this movie expecting a warm and fuzzy Kate and Leopold-esque feeling, but do expect to root for Bullock at least over her sleazy adversary.
...ok, well maybe not James Bond, but close enough. <p>In this movie, we get to see a James Bond-esque character played by Pierce Brosnan screw up a tailor in Panama's life.
...ok, well maybe not James Bond, but close enough. <p>In this movie, we get to see a James Bond-esque character played by Pierce Brosnan screw up a tailor in Panama's life.
However, even if Pee Wee Herman-esque humor isn't your cup of tea, the movie does have a strong message about the strength of family, another message about honesty, another one about how kids can make a difference, and the movie has one of the best Latin American casts of all time.
George A. Romero created the blueprint for zombie movies, while Harvey's only fictional movie is a Poe-esque suspense film, full of dreamy suspense.
 Bruce Willis is wonderful as the Rambo-esque superguy who outwits, outplays, and outlasts the heavily-armed killers, and reveals just enough of his tender side to endear his character to the audience.
Pity too, because it leaves many peripheral questions unanswered. It has a very Matrix-esque ending that makes you go, "huh?
 That's where the trailer left it....and it left me thinking this might be a Mulan-esque story where she goes off on some sort of adventure (again making me nervous that maybe we'd just have a rehashed story).
Shaggy lives in an alarmingly large, mansion-esque house and is chosen by Count Dracula to become a werewolf so he can take part in a race for monsters.
 The Kafka-esque storyline is meant to be so outrageous as to be funny and if taken in that spirit many of the scenes are very entertaining indeed.
 Don't go into this movie expecting a warm and fuzzy Kate and Leopold-esque feeling, but do expect to root for Bullock at least over her sleazy adversary.
THINGS TO DO IN DENVER WHEN YOU'RE DEAD does begin with somereally overt Tarantino-esque dialog and scene set up.
From the synth/electro soundtrack to the medically accurate plot, from the documentary-esque cinematography to the governmental reaction - he developed a vastly updated story for our times.
 But it's barely touched upon here, instead allowing Law's ridiculous Tintin-esque cub scout to chase senior doctors around, bleating tructulantly in a silly accent.
 Kinski is suitably virgin-esque and McDowell suitably slimy.
Her eyebrow were that exquisite Madonna-esque thickness, her lips in a permanent state of partial openness with full-on pout, her hair cut to that boyish cute, and her shoulder pads speaking volumes about her feminine authority.
 In its place are a few ill-matched diary-esque insights amidst a series of odd (a Thai prison, are you kidding me?
As it turns out, Sam, with Keaton-esque antics and eccentric nature, is just the housekeeper that Joon has been looking for, and they fall in love.
 The physical comedy and capturing that Keaton/Chaplin-esque style was fantastic and the same can be said with the brother and sister chemistry between Aidan Quinn and Mary Stuart Masterson.
very friday the 13th-esque.
 Ed Asner, Fred Gwynne, Rene Auberjenois, and writer/director Alan Shapiro and his talented crew  make this Dickens-esque family perennial a must-see.
There's even one very weird, Doppleganger-esque scene, which I really didn't get at all.
He also has quite a nice voice, with a deep Bing Crosby-esque quality about it that makes him all the more appealing.
This film tells a powerful story, a "Crime and Punishment"-esque recovery of the soul, except without the ending that Dostoevsky had in his novel.
I personally didn't like it, it was a pain to watch but the LordOfTheRings-esque backdrop eye-candy scenery and buildings made it bearable.
 The apes inhabit a Flintstone-esque city and are divided into three different castes, the Orangutangs, who are the politicans and keepers of the faith, and seemingly the caste in absolute control, the Gorillas, whoa re the workers and the soldiers, and who seem to occupy the lowest position, and the Chimpanzees, who are the scientists and intellectuals.
 Not uncommon, but wait... The (ha, ha) plot is made up of would be X-Men fighting poorly done matrix-esque battles (including the motorcycle highway chase) and struggling against the aliens from the 80's TV series 'V'.
Somebody has a lot of nerve with the cover art to this dvd, not only with a cool, Keaton-esque Bat-costume, but the modern-day Robin suit (with green leggings, etc.
 The DVD  version of the movie, an entertaining, Almodovar-esque comedic melodrama,  also has an informative and funny commentary track.
She has talent, but unfortunately is stuck with the films lamest lines. People criticize the films 'Matrix-esque' effects and stunts.
I  would say that it is his most 'Fellini-esque' film yet.
I would say that it is his more Felini-esque film  yet.
 I could care less about the silly flash-esque games, the documentaries, storyboards, family game night features, sing-a-long, crap.
male witch).<p>The film is very Cthulhu-esque in its mood.
Kathleen Turner grabs you from the second she is on screen her Jane Mansfield-esque frame is sheathed in a white dress and her husky yet alluring voice and all out jaguar on the prowl apppeal has never been equalled by any actress in this genre since!
 You know he will, of course, but how?<br /><br />It would be two more seasons before Venom showed his Gene Simmons-esque tongue again in the "Venom and Carnage" two-parter, and "The Venom Saga" has that covered as well.
As for the film itself - by now, everyone knows that it's a Campbell-esque &quot;hero's journey&quot; dressed up as a gothic horror/suspense yarn.
The Tesseract starts at first glance like a low budget, Hong Kong cinema, slick matrix-esque rip-off, but then a truly amazing thing happens.
You may pleasantly be surprised. People that enjoy Corman-esque films may give this a higher rating yet I believe that it is trying excessively hard to be campy.
You may pleasantly be surprised. People that enjoy Corman-esque films may give this a higher rating yet I believe that it is trying excessively hard to be campy.
You may pleasantly be surprised. People that enjoy Corman-esque films may give this a higher rating yet I believe that it is trying excessively hard to be campy.
 I can remember trying it out and, in a Garfield-esque manner, the board informed me that it is not a freight scale and begged me to get off of it.
 This is not the shoddy Ted Turner-esque colorization of the 1980s, and the advance of technology in the interim decades certainly shows in a positive way.
Natalie Portman sports one of the best, most adorable Pageboy Bobs in the universe. Her amazing "young Uma Thurman-esque" face and voice and acting are amplified 100-fold by the hairstyle that she so unfortnuatly had for only this one movie.
In the Italian horror films I've seen I'm typically treated to either a Goblin soundtrack, or a Goblin-esque soundtrack.
Lovecraft-esque  Italian supernatural horror thriller from Lucio Fulci is one of his greatest and coolest movies ever.
towards the end, Paul Kemp (Johnny Depp) displays a little of the Hunter S. Thompson-esque behavior that so many enjoyed in Fear and Loathing.
It works  well - location footage in Scotland and lots and lots of smoke give the  production an 'Exclaibur'-esque look of grim and gritty reality, and this  is what sticks in the mind after the film is over.
 well what is it then?  Hmm . . it's a strange mixture of a film.  For the most part the  film is a Warhol-esque depiction of a troubled artist (Fererra under the  pseudonym Jimmy Lane) descending into madness and paranoia, padded out with  art-lessly shot footage of drugged out punks and all set against a heavy  rock soundtrack.
The concept of the film itself is genius and has an H.P. Lovecraft-esque feel to it, the performances are just outstanding and the special effects still hold up in this digital age.
At times, it feels very modern noir-esque in the same way that the Joseph Gordon Levitt film Brick did.
I've read the comic multiple times and while I can appreciate Jeph Loeb trying his hand at some Grant Morrison-esque plot twists involving a time-traveling Superman, the film takes out all that convoluted goofiness and is much more accessible to the casual fan.
 Take that title with a grain of salt.  I know it SOUNDS like a bad, Troma-esque flick, but believe me when I tell you, this movie is as emotionally engaging as it gets.
 The movie was a little top heavy with typical Shatner-esque self-indulgence(he directed of course).
If you are looking for another Twilight-esque vampire film, look elsewhere.
Michelle Williams is great, but I am coming to the belief that she is Clooney-esque in that she has limited range, but what she does, she does extremely well.
But for those wanting to experience something a little different- a Hollywood-esque attempt at a history lesson with some tango, pop, and theatre thrown in, EVITA may be the movie for you.
It's a role that was made for him. This movie has some cheesy scenes that are quite 1980s-esque, but you'll probably enjoy them.
 His fascination with the Garbo-esque youth is understandable, but the scenario takes us on endless journey that ultimately goes only .
 GITS has spawned a Blade Runner-esque <a href="http://www.
 The excellent battle scenes and cool philip dick-esque plot make this purchase a must for those wanting any anime.
the voice of the prosecutor is done by John Vernon, the actor who portrayed Dean Wormer in Animal House), the EC-esque B-17 (aka Gremlins, which went through so many script revisions, it's a miracle it got finished at all), the bizarrely hilarious So Beautiful And So Dangerous (ok, maybe there's some truth to the juvenilia charges during this segment, but only a corpse could keep from laughing at this piece), and revenge scenario of Taarna (imagine a tougher, sexier version of Xena, only about a decade and a half earlier).
Other than her appearance, the film is fairly engaging in a dark and understated Woody Allen-esque sort of way.
 TRAINING DAY is a film with no special effects, no colorful cinematography, and no Picasso-esque art direction - just a movie that slaps you upside the hide from start to finish, with two powerhouse performances that stay with you long after the closing credits.
 While they are there, Torgo freaks everyone out with his odd behavior and Shatner-esque speaking style.
My bellydance group loves Amira. We're middle-aged, thick in the waist, and easily threatened by Fonda-esque-aerobic-teacher-style bellydance DVDs.
Right, and finds Mrs. Partly-Right instead, drove me crazy with their Woody Allen-esque attempts to be intellectually funny.
For example, the way Freddy kills &quot;John Doe&quot; with his Wile E. Coyote-esque rig and stuff of the sort.
Everything about the film is brilliantly on-target, from the staging to the John Barry/David Arnold-esque music.
 Ziyi Zhang gives a Nicole Kidman-esque performance that should open up more and more doors for her.
Even their helmets are brown leather. Really ridiculous. The battle scenes are also very "Gladiator"-esque, with the soldiers pretty much wandering off to pick their own individual fights, but for their sake, they weren't even in formation in that scene, so that's an excuse.
Peter O'Toole makes for an interesting Brando-esque character in this but doesn't make an impact in Supergirl's struggle until the end.
Skipped around to check, but yeah, the whole thing is littered with bootleg-esque and/or PAL-like conversion artifacts over *every moving image*.
If Walt was willing to die, a more Eastwood-esque ending of going in guns blazing would have made a LOT more sense.
Oh, boy, was this movie offensive.<br /><br />I'm not even talking about the rampant Archie Bunker-esque racist remarks coming from the mouth of angry old Mr.
 Only Clint Eastwood can deliver the lines he does in this movie and make them work.  They're so Clint Eastwood-esque.
 Gone are the "The Office"-esque way-overdone boss moments.
 Dialogue, as always for Scorsese, is great with some of Nicholson's lines being Tarantino-esque.
 This movie tries too hard to be like other movies.  From the beginning long shot with Nicholson voice-over to the Joker-esque facial musings, Matt Damon sounding like he just stepped off the Good Will Hunting set, it was just kind of sad.
I DO NOT usually watch any of the popular drama-esque shows (House, Bones, The Mentalist, Lost, etc.
The documentary-esque realism is very much alive in this film and I have to say that Liman is an excellent director.
 The production values are first rate, and Schama's control of the project kept it from seeming &quot;Burns-esque.
Kendra really puts the ouch on and Holly is, well, Holly-esque as always .
Lastly, Saoirse Ronan pioneers a role (at least I have) never seen before; untainted innocence meets Valkyrie-esque fierceness.
And then it ends.<br /><br />HANNA has kinds of Felini-esque imagery which just adds to the what-the.
 Well, with the exception of one Heather-esque villainness who provides no value to the story whatsoever.
 Her character is a 'green freak', but she's chomping on boxed/processed candies, drinking Starbucks-esque lattes and decked out in synthetics while pumping pop/rock into her ears.
 Don't let that keep you away.  The film moves quickly, is exciting and has a decent score(a very Goblin-esque score from Fabio Frizzi).
Deep Roy (from "Big Fish" and "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory") sneaks in too, as the Napoleon-esque skelton.
The story is much closer to one of the Grimm's Fairy Tales, with no Tim Burton-esque moments added.
Sounds Ashton Kutcher-esque to me.
The piano duet sequence with Victor and Victoria playing a moody, Chopin-esque<br /><br />piece is moving, while the underground creatures warble wild Fats Waller-meets-Offenbach numbers.
What's special about Almodovar films is that he is able to explore the naked-ness of humanity creating this "Othello"-esque scenario wherein people are exposed as people -- human enough to feel, be hurt and heal.
Sometimes this film looks very Disney-esque or something out of a 60's "Wild Kingdom" episode and the narrative style complete with accompanying music will look and sound very hokey to many.
 Some nice slow-motion, Matrix-esque bullet dodging scenes, and the JCVD kicks are always classic, but there's just too much to truly enjoy.
Rodman's character, a shady special arms dealer, does add some brightness with his 007-esque cadre of tech gadgets.
 <p>Spinning this tale of murder and corruption in a Nazi-esque England was pure genius -- Richard's murderous successes gain a momentum that is reminiscent of Hitler's and Stalin's respective power grabs, and we get a true sense of danger from Richard's ascension.
There are some very interesting Burton-esque alterations that update the elements of Alice's journey quite nicely.
That would be fans of the videogame and/or fans of surreal Clive Barker-esque horror.
Near the end of the movie, there's alot of blood and a certain Evil Dead-esque moment I don't think I can mention on Amazon, but the accentuating level of suspense in the amount of violence these creatures could inflict worked only to render the film somewhat visually unbalanced.
It's true. A talking alien plant set to take over the world, a hero out of a zero, three Ronettes-esque ladies with fantastic voices, a sadistic dentist - this movie is awesome.
 In an obvious reference to/spoof of Peter Seller's work on the entire Pink Panther franchise from the intro Mancini-esque opening sequence music ala "The Return of the Pink Panther" to the bumbling detective/spy protagonist this film has actually remained a whole lot funnier than that film that upon recent viewing has truly aged very, very poorly.
it's all brilliantly presented. I particulary like James Bond-esque  theme of the movie.
 Hearing the name Joss Whedon attached to the film, I had visions of Buffy-esque plot twists gone sci-fi.
 New Orleans of course, but also WWI & WWII, France, New York, the Florida Keys, Russia, Pitt's post-college-esque journey around the world; any person who likes culture and travel would enjoy it.
 Both are told in flashback format (this film just adds the Titanic-esque "old lady" twist instead of having the protagonist narrate his own story), as well as delve into themes too numerous to sort out after just one viewing.
The simple but solid plot twists carries the story to a very Jurai-esque climax and bittersweet resolution.
When these two worlds collide, what happens, but laughter and very disney-esque singing.
It's about an animated world's evil witch-queen that casts a Snow-White-esque character into real world NYC in order to keep The Prince from marrying her.
Princess Giselle (Amy Adams) is a young, Snow White-esque character that spends her days cleaning her house, singing with her animal friends and awaiting the day her prince charming will come and sweep her off of her feet.
While this may not have the glamour of a Bond-esque spy adventure, this will certainly be regarded as an important and possibly classic spy movie.
He also has an intentional cameo later on in the movie. His brief performance isn't exactly Hitchcockian or Tarantino-esque, but I think he makes out okay.
I think both are partially correct; the idea of the Rube Goldberg-esque supernatural death almost certainly came down to Final Destination through the original Omen, but the feel of the deaths here is very twenty-first century.
Yes, it is graphically violent, but in a rather Dali-esque way.
 <p>Danny Devito plays what may well have been his last truly funny role, made all the more hilarious because his Brando-esque character takes himself almost as seriously as DeVito takes himself these days.
 While it is emotional to watch the love story unfold, the eye-candy battle sequences, and the picture-esque view of Scotland, there seemed to be a lacking "meat" to this story.
In the outdoors of England, Scottish archeologist Angus Mcflint (Peter Capaldi) has discovered an ancient dinosaur-esque skull in his backyard with a symbol in the ground.
For the example the tiger is now a cigarette smoking monkey, the missing tooth is now a tyson-esque tattoo, the "misplaced buddy" is now a misplaced future brother in law etc.
Five hot teen girls in a Hard Days Night-esque sort of movie, but with way more controversial, under age sexuality.
This independent film shows a promising director.  His attention to detail shows itself in the "Edgar Allan Poe-esque" writing and musical score.
 <p>Leonardo Dicaprio plays Romeo as a misunderstood James Dean-esque rebel with a mysterious aura about him.
DiCaprio's very Shakespeare-in-the-Park-esque Romeo was rather disappointing.
The girl grows up to be a stripper, played blandly by a Lolita-esque Jessica Alba.
The characters ramble on in moments of deep thought, revealing what makes them tick. It's filled to the brim with Arnold-esque one-liners.
There's also a lot of Tarantino-esque recursion in the plot line (not to mention that the character of Miho is straight out the Crazy-88 in _Kill Bill_, and so are her weapons), reminiscent of _Pulp Fiction_: The beginning isn't necessarily the beginning, nor is the end the end.
The "special-effects" graphics and video manipulation delivering cartoon-esque visual cinema has been done ad nauseum--"Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid", "Roger Rabbitt", "Forrest Gump", "Gladiator", are all better examples of like talents used to better results.
The girl grows up to be a stripper, played blandly by a Lolita-esque Jessica Alba.
Richard Robbins Glass-esque score was fresh and hypnotic, transporting us into the lush greenery and richly cloistered environment of the old house.
As far as urban Frankenstein-esque movies go, Indestructible Man isn't that bad; the decision to have Chaney utter no lines whatsoever after his execution and resurrection seems like a wise move, but then you think about how many additional lines this threw Max Showalter's way.
And holy crap, Madonna is in this picture and there isn't a single cover song or cameo-esque feel.
The cheap looking quality made it look almost documentary-esque, as if you're right there with them.
Ashley Judd was WAY too Hollywood-esque (is that a word?
The script is very funny and well-written -- dialogues are a bit Kevin Smith-esque, but more genuine and less over-the-top.
<p>A lot of the comic force of the movie comes from this look into our habits, and the Garfield-esque slouch which has resulted from Dex having so many bad ones.
And while Faye undeniably gets the right bandmember in the end, Lamarr the concierge's 'Love Boat'-esque intervention in the process is wholly unnecessary.
College roomies Casey (Frye) and Grace (Taber) are a contempo odd couple. Casey, a quasi goth bohemian-esque performance artist with a penchant for bad boys,sex,profanity and pot, garbs herself in black and heavy mascara.
If Depp's lethargic, dumbed-down Flynn-esque caricaturization increasingly amount to a dull train wreck then, in Dark Shadows, we witness the actor's de-evolving slide into Bela Lugosi drag, which sounds more interesting than it actually is.
Her mannerisms, her clothing, and her speech were all impeccably Hepburn-esque.
to be fair, they were plagued by waterworld-esque weather and location problems, and at $200 million, you really just need to get the picture finished, because hey, no one's really happy that it cost that much in the first place.
Her mannerisms, her clothing, and her speech were all impeccably Hepburn-esque.
It offers suspense and has it's moments that make me jump. It's the perfect drama-esque film.
Just in case anyone misses the point, there's a psuedo-Jan Hammer-esque rock insturmental playing during the scene where Kirk &amp; Co.
 In a Hemingway-esque turn, they all die in one way or another for a stupid wooden bridge.
 I went into 'Charlie's Angels' wanting only to see a little Bond-esque action and, of course, Lucy Liu.
Every time the film employs cheesy '70s-esque montage sequences, every time the camera goes wicked slow when the girls toss their hair, and every time an action scene comes up (which takes things from films like The Matrix, Mission: Impossible, and True Lies), it's all a parody.
I have never seen a film that can juggle Python-esque humor and Gladiator-esque emotion so well - nor have I seen a film that has even attempted it, let alone met with success!
 In a Hemingway-esque turn, they all die in one way or another for a stupid wooden bridge.
However, even if Pee Wee Herman-esque humor isn't your cup of tea, the movie does have a strong message about the strength of family, another message about honesty, another one about how kids can make a difference, and the movie has one of the best Latin American casts of all time.
I wish they'd created other cities/kingdoms for the Mario Bros. to visit, as I'd love to see the Blade Runner-esque 'Shroompunk versions of other game worlds.
If you watch the film closely, you'll see that even through the dystopian, Blade Runner-esque art direction and set design, there are a multitude of references to the video games proving that for every gritty aspect of the film that seems like it doesn't fit in with the game, there are many other aspects that are taken straight from the game.
A beautiful stark film. An amazing story, almost Disney-esque about young heroines refusing to accept their fate.
 He has fantasies about being a rock star and, wouldn't you know it, grows up to be a Hitler-esque dictator.
Woman on the Beach (Jean Renoir, 1947)<br /><br />Trite, predictable noir-esque romance, not at all the kind of thing one would expect from a top-notch director like Renoir.
Everyone here is pitch-perfect: Hepburn, Holden, Bogie and the incomparable Billy Wilder.  This is a classic Cinderella-esque story of a young, poor girl hopelessly in love with the son of her father's employer.
However, his Peter  Jackson-esque sense of humor does not fit in though.
 It is utterly and completely lacking of the fairy tale-esque brightness he usually brings to his films.
 It also touches upon the controversies started by James Frey and his ilk.  I love the way one character acts in a Poe-esque, "Telltale Heart" fashion.
And how sad is it that my favorite part and character from the movie was Aro? Probably because he's a proper Rice-esque vampire.
 While it is emotional to watch the love story unfold, the eye-candy battle sequences, and the picture-esque view of Scotland, there seemed to be a lacking "meat" to this story.
A second rate villian turns out to be a first rate adoptive father even though he<br />lives in an "Addams-esque" home filled with bombs, rocket and Minons that look like<br />snack food.
 It also is a pretty funny movie starring Billy Dee Williams as a Satchel Paige-esque pitcher who's supremely self-confident, so much so that he throws his world famous "Invite Pitch" to hitters without players manning the field.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
 He is absolutely not Caretaker.  He was not the smart, Jiminy Cricket-esque character that Crewe needed to see what was important to him in the long run.
(Very Hopper-esque.
This isn't really a film that's bound to get you all energized a la War of the Worlds and it doesn't have a Munich-esque message and it's there simply to have a good time.
 Then again, it should be noted that, in Capra's time (as I have read several reviews here that accurately note a Capra-esque feel), his more idealistic approaches to films like "Mr.
Hanks plays a Russian-esque civilian coming to NY and is stuck in this new area.
There are several truly spectacular numbers - the Busby Berkeley-esque showstopper in the bank early on while Martin is trying to borrow money; the dance in the rain to the title song by The Accordionist (Vernel Bagneris) (reminiscent of Gene Kelly in Singin' in the Rain) and Christopher Walken's dynamic number in the tavern (which reminded me of some of Sammy Davis Jr's work) are all worthy of their antecendents.
A year after the couragous mutant team known as the X-Men, there has been a terrorist mutant attack made by Devil-esque mutant named Nightcrawler (Alan Cumming) in the White House.
R&B-esque (Rain), beach boys-esque (Into the Tube), metal-esque (Welcome to the Low Road), in addition to the others.
While far from profound, the film's acceptable Odyssy-esque story takes second chair to a wacked-out, 100% convincing vision of the future and the community of characters who inhabit the portions of it that the film concerns itself with, some of which was quite memorable;<p>A pirate thug named "Scummy", square zero-g pigs, a bar/diner set in a revolving hub ala 2001 to simulate gravity, self-defense mechanisms with apparent senses of humor, and an uproarious, innappropriately hilarious death machine monster that is right out of Red Dwarf.
 The perfect heroine.<br /><br />The way this movie was done, with the dark, gritty, noir-esque settings of Batman and the 'lightness' of the dark comedy from Nicholson's Joker, gives the movie a vitality that all the others have lacked to a certain extent.
Batman Returns has a very creative and &quot;Burton-esque&quot;  visual style, yet it's so unrelentingly dark it can't compare to the first,  and the best.
Kathleen Turner grabs you from the second she is on screen her Jane Mansfield-esque frame is sheathed in a white dress and her husky yet alluring voice and all out jaguar on the prowl apppeal has never been equalled by any actress in this genre since!
Blow Out is another of Brian De Palma's Hitchcockian-esque yarns, and it's definitely one of his best.
S plays an ex-FBI agent who had to retire for various Dirty Harry-esque actions/brutality.
 Or maybe it's the Percy-esque element of his films.
I've got to hand it to Roger Corman for this one; Wasp Woman is a pretty darn good movie (albeit with vintage Corman-esque not so special effects).
Of course, the main fanbase was young girls. This is, technically, a young girls' fantasy show, and its Buffy-esque qualities made it a lot of fun and a huge hit.
If you are looking for Simpsons-esque punchlines or the predictable situations of Seinfeld, look elsewhere.
 Mumbles almost has this Michael Jackson-esque quality about him.
Crisp, gorgeous ice and artic landscapes, almost feels National Geographic-esque at times.
 It rises above the source material in so many ways, and injects alot of Kafka-esque black humor.
It's a very Alfred Hitchcock-esque movie that offers excellent performances and a very horrific torture scene that is guaranteed not for the faint of heart, anyone who enjoys thrillers and shockers i recommend this movie.
But more importantly, his acting was tepid and his assumed accent was an abomination. It vacillated from Spanish-esque, French-esque, to Irish brogue, and sort of settled in the Irish range for the duration of the movie.
But more importantly, his acting was tepid and his assumed accent was an abomination. It vacillated from Spanish-esque, French-esque, to Irish brogue, and sort of settled in the Irish range for the duration of the movie.
 Why would a Tipper Gore-esque character named Mary Spinkle blame a company for something the rapper is responsible for instead of the rapper himself?
 The apes inhabit a Flintstone-esque city and are divided into three different castes, the Orangutangs, who are the politicans and keepers of the faith, and seemingly the caste in absolute control, the Gorillas, whoa re the workers and the soldiers, and who seem to occupy the lowest position, and the Chimpanzees, who are the scientists and intellectuals.
The annoying Disney-esque familiar to our villain, Rasputan, is an obnoxious little white bat (which channels Iago from Aladdin) who inexplicably moves from being a sinister and vindictive side-kick to an unwilling and disinterested participant to his master's evil scheme.
Her more Betty Page-esque comic book counterpart might have given the film a problem securing a PG rating.
Turns out, it's a really good movie. Very dark Twilight Zone-esque sort of plot with mind bending twists and turns that are sure to leave you asking questions.
Romero-esque and entertaining!
Cross a boilerplate international secret-agent yarn with a whodunnit, or rather a whoisit, mix in some Rocky-esque training sequences and top it off with a documentary on the wierd because-it's-there mountain-climbing culture, and you have "The Eiger Sanction.
 Fulci uses odd camera work, strange color schemes and bizarree music(Fabio Frizzi'a very Goblin-esque score) to create an atmosphere of mounting terror that doesn't let up until the very end.
I could have done without the bad humor or the Jurassic Park-esque baby Godzilla side story, but I kinda like this Godzilla.
 If that matters to you.<br /><br />Apparently there are a lot of tokers who love this kind of Tarantino-esque stuff along with their pot-themed Apatow comedy, but it mostly just didn't work for me.
This incident would begin the buddy comedy-esque story filled with cat and mouse style pursuing, ridiculous humor in between, moderate violence and a shootout towards the end of the flick.
Some might find the comparison unfair, but it really isn't. Both have that Jerry Bruckheimer-esque action quality to them.
 The Burroughs-esque world portrayed here by Cronenberg is dark and stark, providing the perfect ambience for this sinister story.
Some seem to find this grating, but I'm a major fan of this technique. Slow motion lends a battle that classic Peckinpah-esque gritty brutality, and it's used to spectacular effect in "Watchmen".
Manhattan (Billy Crudup) who is a god-like Superman-esque blue skinned being with unique powers, sexy Silk Spectre (Malin Akerman) and very smart and brilliant crimefighter NightOwl (Patrick Wilson) all join together to try to solve the mystery of the Comedian's death.
Manhattan is the god-like power; Rorschach is the Batman-esque thirst to avenge crime; Night Owl II is a bored rich kid; Silk Spectre II is obliged, etc.
The few moments that were supposed to be funny, weren't. A Jerry Springer-esque talk show moment made it that much worse.
Manhattan (Billy Crudup) who is a Superman-esque immortal god of powers, blank masked avenger Roschach (Jackie Earl Haley), sexy buttkicker Silk Spectre (Malin Akerman) and intelligent Batman-esque Nightowl (Patrick Wilson) are together trying to untangle the mystery of who killed Comedian.
There's a Taratino-esque quality to it that he even approve of this movie as being one of his favorite movies ever and now it has became a cult classic that even thrilled critics.
About a half-dozen escapees from a Siberian prison set off on a Cacciatto-esque hike to someplace, anyplace that will have them (China?
The action scenes are very dry cut and not so megaexplosive huge blockbuster boy movie-esque, but really aren't those available everywhere?
Once again,.this film is not for kids, or Steven Segal or Van Damme fans with 1/2 hour Springer time-slot-esque attention spans!
 The visuals in the movie are very 1970s-esque - especially the lighting - which stays in perfect stride with the time period.
Blow Out is another of Brian De Palma's Hitchcockian-esque yarns, and it's definitely one of his best.
Though the movie ends with a more Spielberg-esque ending than the book, the conclusion still left me in tears.
Then there's just the weird visuals such as Jack's weird odyssey in the locker where it's almost Gilliam-esque in its weirdness but it becomes a slight running gag that is funny yes but it's kind of unneeded.
 Why does the film become detrimentally Disney-esque in Scottie's risible nightmare sequence?
Everyone here is pitch-perfect: Hepburn, Holden, Bogie and the incomparable Billy Wilder.  This is a classic Cinderella-esque story of a young, poor girl hopelessly in love with the son of her father's employer.
 Hitchkock-esque.
 Rockwell and Jackson turn in inspired, albeit secondary efforts.  Johannson is minimally used, but serves her Matrix-esque purpose in a skin-tight outfit and awesome fight scene.
 We watch a film that would have done Disney proud as the "Key to the Future" is revealed (complete with Disney-esque music and style) but is actually more than it seems -- and gives Tony a key to his future.
A shame and a Waste of Talent pushing this "Left Behind"-esque Protestant Propaganda,Denzel could do way better.
COOL! Denzel as a post-apocalyptic wasteland Zatoichi-esque wanderer and Gary Oldman as his nemesis.
 Yet brushes aside the murder of Angel with the pitiful confession that he has "bad dreams." Listening to his Baby Jane-esque mother who also wallowed in the club kid scene, might help explain why the bad seed, knew no boundaries.
 In a Hemingway-esque turn, they all die in one way or another for a stupid wooden bridge.
Ben Affleck is at his Gigli-esque worst, displaying a grand total of two emotions as the genius-level intellectual willing to wipe the memory of his work after every assignment in exchange for a few extra dollar signs.
 The apes inhabit a Flintstone-esque city and are divided into three different castes, the Orangutangs, who are the politicans and keepers of the faith, and seemingly the caste in absolute control, the Gorillas, whoa re the workers and the soldiers, and who seem to occupy the lowest position, and the Chimpanzees, who are the scientists and intellectuals.
 The tenor is serviceable. Herman Prey looks ever so youthful if not Kennedy-esque; even so, I have never warmed to his voice and this performance did not alter the status quo.
 (*That's not a typo; it stood for Y.outh I.nternational P.arty.)<br /><br />In the meantime, a Peggy Noonan-esque reporter, Janine Bach (Meryl Streep), is interviewing G.
 For a historically based film, the least they could have added was a short PBS-esque documentary on actual code talkers.
 James Horner's mostly overplayed score -- except for the "Saving private Ryan"-esque overture and the occasional haunting "flutes" -- doesn't help.
 It doesn't matter much these days what the topic surrounds, as long as there are long picture-esque images of Americana (or some other country), coupled with a tender moment, a blasting score, and sympathy towards anything - than the epic will reign supreme.
 The apes inhabit a Flintstone-esque city and are divided into three different castes, the Orangutangs, who are the politicans and keepers of the faith, and seemingly the caste in absolute control, the Gorillas, whoa re the workers and the soldiers, and who seem to occupy the lowest position, and the Chimpanzees, who are the scientists and intellectuals.
 The ending is Capra-esque but, hey, imitation is the sincerest form of flattery.
 Nair could have pulled a Gandhi-esque moment for us by countering the horrible acting with beautiful images of India.
Albeit James Bond-esque, this movie hinges upon everyone fulfilling their role flawlessly and not one of their high-tech gadgets ever failing.
 Meanwhile, Garrett Hedlund plays Paltrow's rough-hewn, Waylon-esque protegee, a simple country guy who lives for the music, man, and not the fame.
<p>It's brilliant.<p>Gyllenhaal plays Jimmy Livingston, the three sttoges-esque flip side of John Travolta's Tod Lubtich (the main character of smarmy 1976 made-for-TV movie The Boy in the Plastic Bubble).
He's straight gangsta, yo.<br /><br />While the Rear Window-esque voyeur element is rather inspired, nothing else in the film really is.
 Look at the SPACE MARINE board and video games, and read past HEAVY METAL  issues and look for &quot;Alien-esque&quot; storylines ( where a bunch of  people are out destroying aliens &amp; bugs with cool weaponry ).
Director James Cameron takes us more into an action oriented Alien movie then the horror-esque type of the first film, and it's done extremely well, engrossing you (for the most part) from the first scene, to the very last.
The Tucker Torpedo. It's done in a very period-esque style, indulging in many styles of the 1940s, from the big band sounds from that era, to the flaky movie style.
Allen reaches Buster Keaton-esque comedic greatness here--battling a giant pudding, surviving an Orgasmatron, morphing into Blanche Dubois--and has a naturally funny, gentle rapport with Keaton, the perfect foil.
 More reliant on Chaplin-esque visual gags than any of his other movies, there are some parts that Allen himself now finds childish and embarrassing.
Woody Allen stars as a man who was frozen for 200 years and emerges into a 1984-esque world of a controlling government and pleasurable technology.
The glut of weak, DIY-esque backdrops and special effects make the arrival of Star Wars just four years later seem even more impressive by comparison.
"The Thaw" metaphorically looked at how people allow fear to control their lives, with a surreal, Kafka-esque perspective that made it distinctive.
 Why does the film become detrimentally Disney-esque in Scottie's risible nightmare sequence?
 That's not the worst of it, however.<br /><br />The engine of the plot mainly seems to be sitcom-esque misunderstandings.
This movie is a mix of 'fake' sci-fi, as Tim Allen and his cast are actually just actors in a Star Trek-esque show, but there are real aliens in here who view that show as historical documents and thus seek out the Galaxy Quest cast for aid.
 Tim Allen really breaks out of his stand-up/sitcom persona and plays a Shatner-esque role.
She really embraces her inner bimbo and has fun. Tim Allen as a Shatner-esque is a win!
As usual, there's a lot going on that makes no real sense within the story (McConaughey's Rube Goldberg-esque prosthetic leg, the insane CIA agent played by a chilling John Gale, etc.
It was highly enjoyable and scary enough for my taste in its B movie way. Some great John Carpenter-esque performances.
 Though Carpenter enlists certain elements that may be stereotypical, such as the Romero-esque zombies and the notion of all-encompassing evil attempting to over-take good, Carpenter adds his own unique twists.
 I received it yesterday, and watched it tonight with a few friends.  What satisfaction!  What a bizarre, Sondheim-esque experience!
It's more interesting than your average dumb-blonde-esque flick.
It's more interesting than your average dumb-blonde-esque flick.
And, contrary to what many "anime" fans believe, the movie IS NOT ANIME. It is an American sci-fi/fantasy-esque adventure flick.
The meltdown in Mousedom continues with this disappointing tripe.  Despite the Jules Verne-esque trappings and hints of Victorian elegance, this movie quickly descends into an embarassing, offensive, unlikely combination of "The Abyss" & "Musquito Coast.
 They are some combination of sluggish island people, fierce jungle fighters, and "Battlestar Galactica-esque" pre-historic technowizards.
She has talent, but unfortunately is stuck with the films lamest lines. People criticize the films 'Matrix-esque' effects and stunts.
 To my delight, it was very thrilling and Hitchcock-esque in nature.
It is the beginning of the more internalised works by Cronenberg, though there are still some horror elements (the Giger-esque instruments for operating on mutant women and the dream sequence).
John Ratzenberger pops up as a strikingly Bumble-esque Yeti, and Frank Oz and Bonnie Hunt round out the team.
John Ratzenberger pops up as a strikingly Bumble-esque Yeti, and Frank Oz and Bonnie Hunt round out the team.
Reily (nice to see him doing drama again), the father is an oblivious Fred Flinstone-esque idiot that wants a friend more than a son.
Expect cooky characters, like the dog impersonator, and Bijomaru. Also expect that over-the-top violence. A very manga-esque movie.
You also have the hilarious Looney Tunes-esque sound effects, intentionally "lame" humor, ironic use of disaster movie cliche's (weather anchor Patrick (Al Roker) even observes that the storm is "following an unusual pattern of hitting all of the worlds major landmarks first, and then spreading across the rest of the globe,") and an awesome soundtrack by Devo's Mark Mothersbaugh to give it the 80's retro-futuristic tone.
The standout of King's Four Past Midnight was the Twilight Zone-esque, The Langoliers, a very good entry into the time-twister category in an otherwise uneven collection of four King novellas.
 The apes inhabit a Flintstone-esque city and are divided into three different castes, the Orangutangs, who are the politicans and keepers of the faith, and seemingly the caste in absolute control, the Gorillas, whoa re the workers and the soldiers, and who seem to occupy the lowest position, and the Chimpanzees, who are the scientists and intellectuals.
 This is not the shoddy Ted Turner-esque colorization of the 1980s, and the advance of technology in the interim decades certainly shows in a positive way.
 Yet brushes aside the murder of Angel with the pitiful confession that he has "bad dreams." Listening to his Baby Jane-esque mother who also wallowed in the club kid scene, might help explain why the bad seed, knew no boundaries.
 The story is Kafka-esque (imagine the paranoia of being wrongly accused of a grisly murder), the filming is nightmarish, and the suspense is maintained until the ending which becomes convoluted, unsatisfying, and.
Due to the "days of Noah"-esque rain conditions in the city that were inhibiting my ability to consistently go outside and ride since late May, I decided to buy this video to help me stay on track with my bike training.
A boring waste of time, A Twlight-esque(I hate Twilight) movie, A badly done Wolf and sadly Maria Conchita Alonso who is a good actress(has an annoying accent though)disappoints, This is a Love story which doesn't do for me and a poorly made Teen-Genre(I hate that too) Wolf Movie.
I had quite looked forward to and expected to enjoy the "Babel"-esque indie "Mammoth.
 Kelsey Grammar is also very slick as the smarmy Hard Copy-esque tabloid news personality.
 THis movie is very very funny,  fomr it's Blair Witch-esque opening (i know that this came out first) to is  Spedoinkle cast .
Though, as some reviewers suggest, the movie often becomes Tarantino-esque, there are elements of reality throughout.
a stately mansion/castle w/ intensely loyal servants and a cavalcade of one-of-a-kind gizmos and James-Bond-esque weapons and gadgets, not to mention a garage full of Jaguars, Porsches and BMW's.
this movie is only good if ur looking for an old fashion slasher. its abit scream-esque but not as scary.
She has talent, but unfortunately is stuck with the films lamest lines. People criticize the films 'Matrix-esque' effects and stunts.
Throw in a disgruntled Jabba-esque Scotsman who knows just the wrong things to say, and a few especially nasty gross-out moments (Austin drinking an ersatz cup o&#8217; joe, and the infamous tent scene), and you have a little something for everybody!
(He deserves the compliment of 'Kubrick-esque' for this work.
The city becomes something of an "Omega Man-esque" metroscape where everything is available for the taking but lurking in the darkness wait the afflicted ready to attack.
 GITS has spawned a Blade Runner-esque <a href="http://www.
 The excellent battle scenes and cool philip dick-esque plot make this purchase a must for those wanting any anime.
 "Crouching Tiger" surprised many people with it's "Disney-esque" or "Wizard Of Oz" fantasy plot and visuals, but "Hero" defines the understanding of the secret developments of real warriors.
 While it is emotional to watch the love story unfold, the eye-candy battle sequences, and the picture-esque view of Scotland, there seemed to be a lacking "meat" to this story.
(Again, unlike Tom Hanks, who inhabited every role he portrayed in "Polar Express.") There may have been much Carrey-esque scene munching and physical angst during the motion capture shoot that created this movie, but little of it comes through in the final onscreen product, which I found dull and not even touching, the very thing the original story excels so well at and why it's been a relevant tale for close to two hundred years.
To me this was like a Tim Burton-esque presentation whereas the original movies would have you yawning, this rendition scares the crap out of you and has you guessing what the hell will happen next!
(Again, unlike Tom Hanks, who inhabited every role he portrayed in "Polar Express.") There may have been much Carrey-esque scene munching and physical angst during the motion capture shoot that created this movie, but little of it comes through in the final onscreen product, which I found dull and not even touching, the very thing the original story excels so well at and why it's been a relevant tale for close to two hundred years.
To me this was like a Tim Burton-esque presentation whereas the original movies would have you yawning, this rendition scares the crap out of you and has you guessing what the hell will happen next!
 (You can immediately see the difference the moment Charles Previn's George Gerschwin-esque music kicks in).
This particular movie is not Harry Potter. It is Harry Potter-esque.
Harry is a suitably stroppy teenager, in fact really stroppy, and the whole plot seems to be fairly "woe is me"-esque.
 <p>Leonardo Dicaprio plays Romeo as a misunderstood James Dean-esque rebel with a mysterious aura about him.
DiCaprio's very Shakespeare-in-the-Park-esque Romeo was rather disappointing.
it's all brilliantly presented. I particulary like James Bond-esque  theme of the movie.
 A man who is dating Nottingham hotel heiress Violet Nottingham (Teresa Palmer), a party hopping, Paris Hilton-esque socialite and behind-the-scenes, Kendall is having fun with the hotel concierge Aspen (Lucy Lawless).
 The movie is a must-see for everyone who relishes end-of-the-world, Soylent Green-esque environmental disaster films.
As for the film itself - by now, everyone knows that it's a Campbell-esque &quot;hero's journey&quot; dressed up as a gothic horror/suspense yarn.
This sub-plot portrayed Dr. No as a poor Frankenstein-esque creature that was just a product of his horrible experiences and mistreatment by a world that rejected him.
This sub-plot portrayed Dr. No, as a poor Frankenstein-esque creature that was just a product of his horrible experiences, and mistreatment by a world that rejected him.
This movie is a mix of 'fake' sci-fi, as Tim Allen and his cast are actually just actors in a Star Trek-esque show, but there are real aliens in here who view that show as historical documents and thus seek out the Galaxy Quest cast for aid.
 Tim Allen really breaks out of his stand-up/sitcom persona and plays a Shatner-esque role.
She really embraces her inner bimbo and has fun. Tim Allen as a Shatner-esque is a win!
 They are excruciatingly embarrassing to watch. The Private Life of Sherlock Holmes, as well as that "Ripper"-esque one starring Christopher Plummer are also fairly rotten.
 They are excruciatingly embarrassing to watch. The Private Life of Sherlock Holmes, as well as that "Ripper"-esque one starring Christopher Plummer are also fairly rotten.
The overall animation is slow vintage, in the early part, 101 Dalmations-esque, in the Beat Generation section, and Wild and MOD, in the final section.
 In an obvious reference to/spoof of Peter Seller's work on the entire Pink Panther franchise from the intro Mancini-esque opening sequence music ala "The Return of the Pink Panther" to the bumbling detective/spy protagonist this film has actually remained a whole lot funnier than that film that upon recent viewing has truly aged very, very poorly.
 "Crouching Tiger" surprised many people with it's "Disney-esque" or "Wizard Of Oz" fantasy plot and visuals, but "Hero" defines the understanding of the secret developments of real warriors.
 Plain and simple.  I saw the trailer and was pretty interested by the (you're gonna hear it again) Matrix-esque action scenes.
 Plain and simple.  I saw the trailer and was pretty interested by the (you're gonna hear it again) Matrix-esque action scenes.
 The Kafka-esque storyline is meant to be so outrageous as to be funny and if taken in that spirit many of the scenes are very entertaining indeed.
 In the games, Liu Kang was always one of my least favorite characters, due to his overblown Bruce Lee-esque imitation, but this film removes that, preventing him from being annoying.
Anyway, this was really great. A slight "bridesmaid-esque" type twist, but a good movie nonetheless.
has moments of depth and meaning where the characters are introspective and very Sparks-esque.
 Peggy Ann Garner's role as the Eve Harrington-esque writer was one of her first attempts to make the often difficult transition from acclaimed child star ("Jane Eyre", "A Tree Grows in Brooklyn") to sophisticated young adult, and I believe she does it very successfully in this movie.
 The first was a horrible attempt at a "Saw-esque" slasher flick.
DVD includes making of, outtakes, and a VH1-esque pop-up video setting that quizzes you  on pop-culture references and influences (kind of fun actually).
The music is very intricately orchestrated and sung and the look is very Burton-esque in it's stylized appearance.
The music is very intricately orchestrated and sung and the look is very Burton-esque in it's stylized appearance.
What makes the movie so effective is the "Psycho"-esque score by Harry Manfredini and of course the memorable gore effects by Tom Savini which shocked the daylights out of people when it first came out yet they are still effective.
As it turns out, Sam, with Keaton-esque antics and eccentric nature, is just the housekeeper that Joon has been looking for, and they fall in love.
 The physical comedy and capturing that Keaton/Chaplin-esque style was fantastic and the same can be said with the brother and sister chemistry between Aidan Quinn and Mary Stuart Masterson.
There's a Taratino-esque quality to it that he even approve of this movie as being one of his favorite movies ever and now it has became a cult classic that even thrilled critics.
She becomes high-class bait, caught between David Brian's semi-legit megalomaniac and pretty-boy Steve Cochran's Bugsy-esque mobster.
Considering the Columbine type content, I'm surprised it hasn't been banned. It's an 80's shocker, kind of Fight Club-esque.
After Veronica begins to despise her supposed friends, she meets up with Jason Dean, played by the young "Jack Nicholson-esque" Christian Slater, whom helps to escalate this hatred for the Heathers (and some others.
 The acting is goofy, the special effects are &quot;Clash of the Titans&quot;-esque, and Ash seems to get his shotgun out of nowhere after coming out of the pit; but, you love it anyway cause its funny and good for a viewing at anytime of the day or night.
 To show off contemporary versions (circa 1990) of Ray Harryhausen-esque stop-motion techniques:<p>The special effects, while dated in the face of CGI prodigiousness, are enormous and spectacular.
 Mumbles almost has this Michael Jackson-esque quality about him.
Crisp, gorgeous ice and artic landscapes, almost feels National Geographic-esque at times.
 Hilarious!  Lorna Luft plays a Marilyn Monroe-esque Pink Lady and gets to sing her one  solo line in this scene.
Lastly, Saoirse Ronan pioneers a role (at least I have) never seen before; untainted innocence meets Valkyrie-esque fierceness.
And then it ends.<br /><br />HANNA has kinds of Felini-esque imagery which just adds to the what-the.
 It's mostly huge amounts of badly pasted together flashback with overly fatuous and Murder She Wrote-esque commentary from Mrs Druse as she 'reveals all' before they go off to fight the baddies (an extremely Stephen King typical fight it is, too).
 She is an actress whose young son begins uttering Freddy-esque threats as the city is rocked by earthquakes.
Oddly missing from the commentary: George Steinbrenner. It's so well-made, and with the Gladiator-esque music pumping through the background, it makes you appreciate the building and the history and the team even more.
 The limping, Frankenstein-esque "ninja" (I am not making this up) takes the cake.
Price&quot; (and he even grew a Vincent-esque mustache.
Stryker, a post-apocalyptic Mad Max-esque 80's action sci-fi film, oozes sexuality in the form of hot babes in leather short shorts (one must keep cool in the parched and barren wastelands of the future).
<p>Pacino gives a tour de force performance, delivering his lines with typical Pacino-esque vigor.
Yes, Tennenbaums has obviously been compared to Rushmore, but I found it more &quot;Magnolia-esque&quot; in humor and almost as artistically filmed as Vertical Ray of the Sun.
 What?  So, in this version, we do have a Dracula-esque human being who takes the young lad under his wing.
 OK, maybe one song--Saturday Night, but that's not on here.<br />*Smokey? A Journey-esque folkie ballad?
 In a major Hollywood movie?  <p>To take a Michael Moore-esque view on one final note, we see common thugs and low-lives with automatic weapons wounding and killing innocents, and never even question how such dangerous weapons got into their hands, but somehow this is justified  when a bunch of guys in black kill them off one by one.
 And at least that one had the restraint to refrain from drill-bra versus chainsaw duels and Power Ranger-esque ninja death squads.
It has a rather Giant Robo-esque vibe, though without the actual giant robots and lacking much of the melodrama and complex backstory.
Don't read this unless you've seen the movie .... The movie was going along well, entertaining until the "Harlem Nights-esque" ending.
 But this, a noir-esque policier is all the more surprising for the amount of life the master is able to breathe into an otherwise stale, and over-worked type.
Much of the movie has a bit of a "Phone Booth"-esque feel to it.
Screen Sensation Michael Gambon (Sleepy Hollow, Gosford Park) gives dark and true Gene Hackman-esque (Unforgiven) performance as the cold-hearted Sheriff of the town the cowboys have stumbled upon.
Screen Sensation Michael Gambon (Sleepy Hollow, Gosford Park) gives dark and true Gene Hackman-esque (Unforgiven) performance as the cold-hearted Sheriff of the town the cowboys have stumbled upon.
DVD includes making of, outtakes, and a VH1-esque pop-up video setting that quizzes you  on pop-culture references and influences (kind of fun actually).
One of the finest ways that this is captured is the poetic and ballet-esque motion of the battle sequences.
There were hints of Braveheart-esque traits but sadly this film, while excellent in its own right, falls short.
The film uses music sparsely, but when it does it is always to create a surreal Baraka-esque quality.
 The music it great too, it isnt that annoying fitness-esque music you find in alot of workout dvds.
Both of them still being ogres does nothing for the Hollywood-esque society.
 Since no one can meet her, this only fuels a Garbo-esque cult popularity.
 no problems here. the movie  begins to fall apart with some of its more Matrix-esque fight scenes.
It contains a $h!tload of dialouge, in a Tarantino-esque style, that will have you laughing, while making you think at the same time, and is in my opinion an extreamly well done piece of film work for an independent piece.
Pokemon.<br />We also get to see the short film, Pikachu's Vacation, which is VERY silly and Loony Tunes-esque(Heck, 4Kids redid the music to make it sound JUST like a Bugs Bunny cartoon!
In a Harlan Ellison-esque twist, the Cylons turned on their creators and tried destroy them.
In a Harlan Ellison-esque twist, the Cylons turned on their creators and tried destroy them.
 Instead of Greco-Egyptian-themed space opera, the new series is an America-esque gritty, dark spaceborne Navy technothriller-type docudrama, where the uniforms look like uniforms rather than pajamas, the cameras recording it all actually exist (a piece of debris from a destroyed space station sends it spinning in the opening) and the old Colonial warriors' names have become fighter pilot call signs ("starbucking" seems to be slang for drunk & disorderly conduct, and Boomer's landings are so loud and bad you can hear them down in the hangar bay even through hard vacuum).
The soft-focused, noir-esque, 1930s-style retrofuture of "Sky Captain" is a visual feast to behold, unabashedly revelling in obvious influences as Lang's "Metropolis" and B-movies of the 1930s.
No one knows who is behind this until they call Sky Captain (Jude Law) who has his own incredible James Bond-esque plane that can swim under water as well as fly.
No one is going to crucify you for not having a Star Wars-esque budget to work with.
 Why? Predictability.  Design is always the same.  Stick figure-esque, almost surreal imagery is in every flick.
 Assuming you can see though its typically  Burton-esque fog of gloom, you will find some good actors struggling  within.
 Curmudgeons may say that it's nothing more than a Scream-esque parody of horror movie chestnuts, but the approach is really quite different.
Without question, Cabin Fever is the best modern horror flick of our time. Unlike the usual predictable teen MTV-esque films, it delivers a lot more scares and surprises at every turn, and DOES NOT just rely on the blood and gore.
The 2nd nightclub scene and the Bond-esque gadget scene brought a smile to me :)<p>- There are 2 commentaries, and I've only seen the one with Snipes and Del Toro, and it proved forgettable.
"T2" immediately does away with the Del James-esque poetics of the first film and goes for pure commercialism.
However, even if Pee Wee Herman-esque humor isn't your cup of tea, the movie does have a strong message about the strength of family, another message about honesty, another one about how kids can make a difference, and the movie has one of the best Latin American casts of all time.
Kino sounds more feminine in Japanese, but Hermes, the motorcycle, has a more &quot;machine-esque&quot; voice in English.
 The scenes from modern carnivals and sideshows, especially, were poorly done, very MTV-esque.
Excepting the few tiresome references to today's world of PC the writing is brilliant and very Austen-esque in style and therefore very believable.
The film is a gritty,  thought-provoking drama which does not feel the need to have a  Hollywood-esque 'happy' ending.
It's marvelous.<br /><br />By the way, my title, about Zionists enjoying the piece is intended as Monty Python-esque tongue-in-cheek, so I hope I don't offend anyone.
More on this later...<br /><br />Jolie as Alexander's mother uses as bizarre Russian-esque accent that is terribly out of place with who Olympia actually was.
This is a story about finding your niche in life. Kind of a fairy tale-esque plot,  wonderfully presented.
I have to admit that I liked the epcot-esque city in which this story is based.
 They are a sort of reverse Abbott and Costello.  The two must save Good Burger from Mondo Burger, a Dave and Busters-esque new restaurant across the street and its successful but cruel manager Kurt, who always refers to himself in the third person.
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00007KGCW">Finding Nemo</a>). He even has a Nemo-esque physical disability: he can't fly.
Through all of this, Beowulf can't even wear the oft-lauded boar helmet from the poem, but opts for a Chuck Norris-esque headband instead.
Through all of this, Beowulf can't even wear the oft-lauded boar helmet from the poem, but opts for a Chuck Norris-esque headband instead.
 Through all of this, Beowulf can't even wear the oft-lauded boar helmet from the poem, but opts for a Chuck Norris-esque headband instead.
But that's about as comedic as this gets. Too much of the cute kids acting like adults. This was almost Disney-esque in its forced sweetness.
 This film suffered from being a derivative, watered  down, pseudo-Tarantino-esque knock off.
Despite Hector Elizondo's caricature performance as a Columbo-esque detective and the fact that the film celebrates being shallow as much as it condemns such behavior, it scores some hits, not the least of which is the breezy opening song by Blondie.
 The two slowly become friends as the night passes; until two &quot;Home Alone&quot;-esque thieves attempt to rob the store.
The quality of animation in this movie - aided by different lens effects as seen in movies as well as 3d-esque two dimensional art - is only surpassed by the touching and thought-provoking interactions between the boys Shiro and Kuro.
 If you're looking for something more Miyazaki-esque, then I suggest you don't watch this.
 Barrymore plays Ivy, a girl from the wrong side of that tracks who has Lolita-esque ways of getting what she wants.
My only complaint about this obsessively researched film is its Sahara-esque presentation, completely devoid of any levity.
 It doesn't matter much these days what the topic surrounds, as long as there are long picture-esque images of Americana (or some other country), coupled with a tender moment, a blasting score, and sympathy towards anything - than the epic will reign supreme.
This movie has it all...car chases, a virgin sacrifice, a shootout, a foul-mouthed landlady, Dabney Coleman as a Hef-esque magazine mogul, a bunch of great one-liners, and a super cheesy 80s rock/rap theme song.
. . a letdown.<br /><br />From the laughable Leno-esque chins to the lack of crucial voice-overs (which had worked SO WELL when you had Bryan Cranston voicing Jim Gordon in Batman:Year One), to the terrible fight animations to the terrible added dialogue .
Robbie Krieger looks awesome, wearing a beanie and dog tags. Ian Astbury looks very Morrison-esque, but I did notice that when on camera the band did act quite a bit differently.
Woman" he dedicates it to Jim Morrison. He does do a few things (dance moves, etc.) that are Morrison-esque, but all-in-all does justice to the fallen poet.
As it turns out, Sam, with Keaton-esque antics and eccentric nature, is just the housekeeper that Joon has been looking for, and they fall in love.
 The physical comedy and capturing that Keaton/Chaplin-esque style was fantastic and the same can be said with the brother and sister chemistry between Aidan Quinn and Mary Stuart Masterson.
Her style is delightfully Woody Allen-esque, or maybe like one of Ed Burns' city-set indies.
Splendidly combining live-animal action with Jim Henson-esque animatronics, Noonan's irresistible "Babe" is a story about flouting convention and realizing one's potential.
Pierce Brosnan heats up the screen with Rene Russo in this hot little remake.  Although Bond-esque characteristics are present, Brosnan delivers a look at his corrupt and witty side as an actor.
It was good don't get me wrong, but personally from my enjoyment of classic cheesy 80s horror-esque type movies, this didn't fit the bill.
 Look at the SPACE MARINE board and video games, and read past HEAVY METAL  issues and look for &quot;Alien-esque&quot; storylines ( where a bunch of  people are out destroying aliens &amp; bugs with cool weaponry ).
Director James Cameron takes us more into an action oriented Alien movie then the horror-esque type of the first film, and it's done extremely well, engrossing you (for the most part) from the first scene, to the very last.
The suspense was incredible, the camera work was great (with several Hitchcock-esque shots added in the mix), the plot was nicely twisted.
 That neither Bridges nor Robbins are Superstar Icons with Tom Cruise-like looks or Schwarzenegger-esque muscles makes the film all the more believable.
 Look at the SPACE MARINE board and video games, and read past HEAVY METAL  issues and look for &quot;Alien-esque&quot; storylines ( where a bunch of  people are out destroying aliens &amp; bugs with cool weaponry ).
Director James Cameron takes us more into an action oriented Alien movie then the horror-esque type of the first film, and it's done extremely well, engrossing you (for the most part) from the first scene, to the very last.
The cliched pieces stolen from hollywood-esque action films are tongue-in-cheek and very well placed by the directors.
It's also a good movie to watch and relax to late at night. It's along the lines of a Shyamalon-esque thriller/suspense film and I find that it always delivers when i watch it.
 The movie was a little top heavy with typical Shatner-esque self-indulgence(he directed of course).
He also has an intentional cameo later on in the movie. His brief performance isn't exactly Hitchcockian or Tarantino-esque, but I think he makes out okay.
 Particularly Helsinki.... a quiet but thoughful ending to this Fellini-esque romp across the globe.
 Don't let that keep you away.  The film moves quickly, is exciting and has a decent score(a very Goblin-esque score from Fabio Frizzi).
As other reviewers have mentioned here this film has a definite Burton-esque quality to it, which is no bad thing, and shows how good a job the actual director, Brad Silberling, did.
A beautiful, Tim Burton-esque adaptation of the popular children's book series.
I've never read the books, but I found this movie to be quite entertaining in a dreary, Tim Burton-esque way.
 Except for a few Carey-esque smirks and squeals that really didn't reach the level of annoyance that I usually feel watching a Jim Carey movie, he does an outstanding job.
Even still, his work breathes further life into a film that was already bubbling over with the stuff. With a Burton-esque sense of humor, a rich, vibrant plot that never seems to take a break and some grand, convincing special effects, it's a gothic fairy tale with a little something for everybody.
As other reviewers have mentioned here this film has a definite Burton-esque quality to it, which is no bad thing, and shows how good a job the actual director, Brad Silberling, did.
A beautiful, Tim Burton-esque adaptation of the popular children's book series.
I've never read the books, but I found this movie to be quite entertaining in a dreary, Tim Burton-esque way.
 Except for a few Carey-esque smirks and squeals that really didn't reach the level of annoyance that I usually feel watching a Jim Carey movie, he does an outstanding job.
 Blech.<br /><br />Whatever it is Chantal is doing - not quite Nia, but Nia-esque, perhaps - is pure gold.
Based on a short story by Philip K. Dick, this isn't at all the Bourne-esque action-thriller the trailers led me to believe it would be.
I love how the film has a mix of fantasy with H.P. Lovecraft-esque themes to it and of course some good timed humor mixed in, this is one of the greatest comic book movies in recent memory and a true must see!
 The "Labyrinth"-esque set at the end is particularly good.
 At the beginning of the movie it feels like  another Star Trek - Battlestar Galactica-esque movie; you are in deep space  searching for a lost ship and then when you find it there are no life  signs.
Eddy (Josh Charles), a transfer student, finds himself assigned to room with a likeable yet Neanderthal-esque, Stuart (Stephen Baldwin), whose primary focus in life includes cutting corners, drinking, and conquering hapless women.
the bus ride,  the post office, the climactic MAN WHO KNEW TOO MUCH-esque ballet sequence and the fight in the cottage.
Once I'd seen it, I can't say I was let down by this film, it was a thrilling little Giallo-esque number that included a black-gloved mystery murderer, possible incest, child abuse, gross corpses, a deformed evil twin, some hot women and seriously graphic scenes of death and dismemberment.
 Finally, what all the surreal soliloquys boil down to is a kind of Daumer-esque disappointment, a vivisectionist's brooding on missing soul and undetectable essences.
 Finally, what all the surreal soliloquys boil down to is a kind of Daumer-esque disappointment, a vivisectionist's brooding on missing soul and undetectable essences.
 The president (a Clinton-esque Bill Bullman) calls upon military services to fight these creatures.
 Finally, what all the surreal soliloquys boil down to is a kind of Daumer-esque disappointment, a vivisectionist's brooding on missing soul and undetectable essences.
 The house is owned by a strange old husband and wife who make dolls.  They are soon joined by two Madonna-esque rockers and the nice man who gave them a lift.
 What?  So, in this version, we do have a Dracula-esque human being who takes the young lad under his wing.
There's some great, ummm, brainless slapstick, but there's also many Seinfeld-esque setups hatched throughout, always coming full-circle & paying big dividends.
And she's right. Shaun doesn't seem to notice the zombie-esque lifestyle he leads, the terrible routine of drinking at `The Winchester' pub (named after the rifle that gleams over the bar), the protecting of Ed's horrific behavior (ripping farts and calling women the "C" word while never maintaining a job of any kind), and, of course, his forgetfulness that she, Liz, is actually a part of his life.
 The film is quite funny with some Python-esque moments, but is also able to screetch to a halt to deliver a few scenes that might actually get you a little misty eyed(!
There's some great, ummm, brainless slapstick, but there's also many Seinfeld-esque setups hatched throughout, always coming full-circle & paying big dividends.
And she's right. Shaun doesn't seem to notice the zombie-esque lifestyle he leads, the terrible routine of drinking at `The Winchester' pub (named after the rifle that gleams over the bar), the protecting of Ed's horrific behavior (ripping farts and calling women the "C" word while never maintaining a job of any kind), and, of course, his forgetfulness that she, Liz, is actually a part of his life.
 The film is quite funny with some Python-esque moments, but is also able to screetch to a halt to deliver a few scenes that might actually get you a little misty eyed(!
 As the director Joe Carnahan commented in the 'making of' featurettes, there is a Dante-esque feel that the two cops are descending further and further into Hell, and their facades become more and more stripped away, revealing Oak to be some sort of a madman.
Imagine "I Am Legend" being remade for roughly $50,000 and you have this movie's flavor. Zombie-esque vampire plague destroys most of America, leaving a few enclave towns (oddly) untouched and most of the nation a wasteland.
I don't know if Damici is a great actor (this is the first time I've seen his work), but he fits this Eastwood-esque role like a worn leather glove.
He spews the Nazi-esque propaganda with nary a flaw or pause, his powerful preaching frightening convincing at times.
The film DAVE could be called "Capra-esque" to a point with its optimism and feel good ending.
Kevin Kline's performance brings to mind a Jimmy Stewart-type performance (hence the reference to Capra-esque and "Mr Smith.
If this sounds quite soap opera-esque, you are right.
A Portrait Of A Movie Obsessed Psycho, if you will.  Plus there's an artsy Lynch-esque twist on it.
 The acting is goofy, the special effects are &quot;Clash of the Titans&quot;-esque, and Ash seems to get his shotgun out of nowhere after coming out of the pit; but, you love it anyway cause its funny and good for a viewing at anytime of the day or night.
 To show off contemporary versions (circa 1990) of Ray Harryhausen-esque stop-motion techniques:<p>The special effects, while dated in the face of CGI prodigiousness, are enormous and spectacular.
Smallville always has great comic book-esque storylines, but lacks development and internal logic within its own world.
 Burton's first big budget feature effort had been Pee Wee's Big Adventure (1985), a zany Caligari-esque journey in craoyla colors.
 Burton's first big budget feature effort had been Pee Wee's Big Adventure (1985), a zany Caligari-esque journey in craoyla colors.
He's straight gangsta, yo.<br /><br />While the Rear Window-esque voyeur element is rather inspired, nothing else in the film really is.
How ya doin'?") is great.<br /><br />Then, you have the Tim Burton-esque "Halloween Spectacular of Spooky Doom," which is equal parts funny, scary and just plain cool.
The suspense was incredible, the camera work was great (with several Hitchcock-esque shots added in the mix), the plot was nicely twisted.
 That neither Bridges nor Robbins are Superstar Icons with Tom Cruise-like looks or Schwarzenegger-esque muscles makes the film all the more believable.
 I'm not going to whine about how the end just didn't tie it all in together. I'm not going to complain about the MTV-esque version of &quot;Wise Up&quot; in the middle of the film.
 Because I knew of the multiple storylines, i expected something tarantino-esque with something that tied together neatly.
Considering the Columbine type content, I'm surprised it hasn't been banned. It's an 80's shocker, kind of Fight Club-esque.
After Veronica begins to despise her supposed friends, she meets up with Jason Dean, played by the young "Jack Nicholson-esque" Christian Slater, whom helps to escalate this hatred for the Heathers (and some others.
This movie is a fun mix of various fairy tale references and the Zorre-esque Puss In Boots character from the Shrek films.
 Minelli can sing her ass off, there's no disputing that,  and her diva-esque Sally is an interesting interpretation.
Why do they in the newer versions make Fred dumber (he was the SMARTEST in the original) and Daphne more Buffy-esque?
 I'm totally amazed at how realistic and "Animal Planet-esque" they have made this show.
 Dialogue, as always for Scorsese, is great with some of Nicholson's lines being Tarantino-esque.
 This movie tries too hard to be like other movies.  From the beginning long shot with Nicholson voice-over to the Joker-esque facial musings, Matt Damon sounding like he just stepped off the Good Will Hunting set, it was just kind of sad.
 Dialogue, as always for Scorsese, is great with some of Nicholson's lines being Tarantino-esque.
 This movie tries too hard to be like other movies.  From the beginning long shot with Nicholson voice-over to the Joker-esque facial musings, Matt Damon sounding like he just stepped off the Good Will Hunting set, it was just kind of sad.
the list goes on.  The style of the plotting was very Altman-esque, but that where Robert Altman sought to give a cross-section of society in "Short Cuts", here we are left with Azevedo's "O Cortico" recreated as the "Texas Hotel" and "Avenida Bar" in the 21st century.
There are lots of amusing Python-esque puns and jokes sprinkled throughout the film, the kind of verbal gags that make you simultaneously chuckle and.
 Dialogue, as always for Scorsese, is great with some of Nicholson's lines being Tarantino-esque.
 This movie tries too hard to be like other movies.  From the beginning long shot with Nicholson voice-over to the Joker-esque facial musings, Matt Damon sounding like he just stepped off the Good Will Hunting set, it was just kind of sad.
Disney's quality of films have been diminishing greatly, ever since they lost there &quot;Musical-esque&quot; style after THe Hunchback of Notredame.
 For a historically based film, the least they could have added was a short PBS-esque documentary on actual code talkers.
 James Horner's mostly overplayed score -- except for the "Saving private Ryan"-esque overture and the occasional haunting "flutes" -- doesn't help.
Makoto, Nanami, and Quarool are in the dank, polluted kingdom of Creteria run by the stupified Hotohori-esque emperor Dall Narciss; Jinnai, Shayla, Fatora, the girl-chasing Parnasse, and Alielle are in a frozen tundra environment inhabited by maggot-like bugs; and the Fujisawas, Afura, and Rune Venus are on what appears to be a floating mountain (too cool!
The girl grows up to be a stripper, played blandly by a Lolita-esque Jessica Alba.
The characters ramble on in moments of deep thought, revealing what makes them tick. It's filled to the brim with Arnold-esque one-liners.
There's also a lot of Tarantino-esque recursion in the plot line (not to mention that the character of Miho is straight out the Crazy-88 in _Kill Bill_, and so are her weapons), reminiscent of _Pulp Fiction_: The beginning isn't necessarily the beginning, nor is the end the end.
The "special-effects" graphics and video manipulation delivering cartoon-esque visual cinema has been done ad nauseum--"Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid", "Roger Rabbitt", "Forrest Gump", "Gladiator", are all better examples of like talents used to better results.
The girl grows up to be a stripper, played blandly by a Lolita-esque Jessica Alba.
Strange but true. I also didn't like the Disney-esque change from the book.
 And really, that's all you can ask for.<br /><br />Set in the not-so-distant future, a very Palin-esque United States President sends a new mission to the moon.
Die hard alien enthusiast impaled themselves on Giger-esque protrusions the second this movie came out.
He is surprised at how naturally he takes to being a thief. In a Robin Hood-esque turn, he doesn't even keep the money that he steals.
Disney's quality of films have been diminishing greatly, ever since they lost there &quot;Musical-esque&quot; style after THe Hunchback of Notredame.
 I could care less about the silly flash-esque games, the documentaries, storyboards, family game night features, sing-a-long, crap.
 It also has a definite <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000GW8UAE">Simon & Simon - Season One</a>-esque feel to it, being as it is the story of two unlikely and completely opposite partners and the more-than-it-seems adventure they find themselves falling into.
It was highly enjoyable and scary enough for my taste in its B movie way. Some great John Carpenter-esque performances.
 Though Carpenter enlists certain elements that may be stereotypical, such as the Romero-esque zombies and the notion of all-encompassing evil attempting to over-take good, Carpenter adds his own unique twists.
 He meets a Heidi-esque girl and falls in love, and they too, end up in space.
Of course the night of the big show- Lucy's eyes are dialated and the show is "Lucy-esque".
<p>This movie was excellent. A wonderful feel to it; very &quot;Mission: Impossible-esque.
 Fairly disturbing as well though (Requium For a Dream-esque.
Amy Acuff is not motivating AT ALL! She is Calista-esque boney (scrawny doesn't equal fit to me) and totally lacks coordination (ok that can be a bit funny to watch), her only reason in the video is to make boring comments read from cue cards.
 And at least that one had the restraint to refrain from drill-bra versus chainsaw duels and Power Ranger-esque ninja death squads.
(I would say Clerks but this is more of a Quientin-esque film- and lets face it while Clerks is a personal film Dogs does and says more).
(I would say Clerks but this is more of a Quientin-esque film- and lets face it while Clerks is a personal film Dogs does and says more).
 As the director Joe Carnahan commented in the 'making of' featurettes, there is a Dante-esque feel that the two cops are descending further and further into Hell, and their facades become more and more stripped away, revealing Oak to be some sort of a madman.
But there's a decent amount of Adam Sandler-esque slapstick comedy bits to be entertaining.
It has been replaced by a hip-hop 90s version, filled with typical DJ rap-esque samplings.
 It is often overlooked and is a World War II-esque spin on the classic.
Sometimes this film looks very Disney-esque or something out of a 60's "Wild Kingdom" episode and the narrative style complete with accompanying music will look and sound very hokey to many.
 The Irma-esque caricature is utterly unfunny and, repeatedly identifying herself as nearly jail-bait age, her romance with the much older O'Brien is as irrational as it is disturbing.
<p>This movie was excellent. A wonderful feel to it; very &quot;Mission: Impossible-esque.
He also has an intentional cameo later on in the movie. His brief performance isn't exactly Hitchcockian or Tarantino-esque, but I think he makes out okay.
Rise Of The Machines' by use of gripping character interactions from very capable talent and 'Lost'-esque story-interweaving.
Don't let the mild mannered Beatles' album-esque cover of this movie fool you.
 Be that as it may, I do have to say that "Tron: Legacy" doesn't do Matrix-esque things as well as "The Matrix" did them, particularly in regard to the periodic philosophical tangents.
It is a nice tribute to the eighties- John Carpenter would be proud. We have the classic Carpenter-esque synth, the epic Hans Zimmer feel, and overall, it is pure ear candy and perfection.
If anything, From Paris with Love is another great addition to the more recent over-the-top and B-movie-esque action titles like Shoot 'Em Up, Crank, and the Transporter movies.
Romero-esque and entertaining!
 Dialogue, as always for Scorsese, is great with some of Nicholson's lines being Tarantino-esque.
 This movie tries too hard to be like other movies.  From the beginning long shot with Nicholson voice-over to the Joker-esque facial musings, Matt Damon sounding like he just stepped off the Good Will Hunting set, it was just kind of sad.
Price&quot; (and he even grew a Vincent-esque mustache.
 Why does the film become detrimentally Disney-esque in Scottie's risible nightmare sequence?
 I kept laughing at the ridiculous MacGyver-esque schemes the main character devised to outwit dangerous professional killers.
if you are looking for a Dirty Harry-esque cool fest from eastwood, you will be dissappointed.
Each of them represents a philosophy. Vernita Green is the repentant killer; O-Ren is the megalomaniacal, Caligula-esque nihilist; Budd is a fatalistic, quiet nihilist; Elle is ambitious, cruel and spiteful.
Fun and Tarantino-esque, but wait for the special ed.
 TRAINING DAY is a film with no special effects, no colorful cinematography, and no Picasso-esque art direction - just a movie that slaps you upside the hide from start to finish, with two powerhouse performances that stay with you long after the closing credits.
Or explain and possibly show how they made some of the great robot-esque voices like Soundwave and Shrapnel?
The story line is simple - good vs. evil, so what really carries this movie are the Matrix-esque special effects and, more than anything, the martial arts.
 <p>Amazing effects, like Li's encounter with the motorcycle cops or his Matrix-esque dodging of bullets.
Instead I was disappointed to find an Indianna Jones-esque adventure.
In fact, Hopper portrays the ruthless Fiddler's Green executive with a certain Rumsfeld-esque and Cheney-esque approach.
Its dialogue is fast and quick, kind of "Juno"-esque.
Johnny was the most powerful songwriter of that group, with his Leadbelly-esque compostional style of chronicling hard times.
The direction as a whole takes a huge step up here also. The camerawork goes back & forth between Blair Witch -esque handycam to full-on classic Asian Horror style, but at all the right moments.
 This film suffered from being a derivative, watered  down, pseudo-Tarantino-esque knock off.
There's of course the paladin-esque superheroes like Spider-Man or Superman and there's the anti-heroes like Wolverine or Batman (at his best, so long as he doesn't delve into Miller-machismo).
 the plot is a little too woody allen-esque with all the rich actor/actress/painter/intellectual types who have mid-life problems and talk about it over white wine.
Ah, yes, why can't all our college experiences be this cool? Instead of rooming with a control freak-esque local girl in a run-down flat in a northeastern college town, wouldn't it have been great if I'd lived with a bunch of cool people in Spain?
You may pleasantly be surprised. People that enjoy Corman-esque films may give this a higher rating yet I believe that it is trying excessively hard to be campy.
 It is less operatic (1 male and female singer are seen once in awhile, but rarely) but is more mystical, "Godfather"-esque, classical music, classical guitar, heavenly choir, and an organ help to make up the score.
 Why? Predictability.  Design is always the same.  Stick figure-esque, almost surreal imagery is in every flick.
 Assuming you can see though its typically  Burton-esque fog of gloom, you will find some good actors struggling  within.
the bus ride,  the post office, the climactic MAN WHO KNEW TOO MUCH-esque ballet sequence and the fight in the cottage.
 The beginning scene with the "cream" filled wash cloth and the condom in the hair, very American Pie-esque.
Die hard alien enthusiast impaled themselves on Giger-esque protrusions the second this movie came out.
The girl grows up to be a stripper, played blandly by a Lolita-esque Jessica Alba.
The characters ramble on in moments of deep thought, revealing what makes them tick. It's filled to the brim with Arnold-esque one-liners.
There's also a lot of Tarantino-esque recursion in the plot line (not to mention that the character of Miho is straight out the Crazy-88 in _Kill Bill_, and so are her weapons), reminiscent of _Pulp Fiction_: The beginning isn't necessarily the beginning, nor is the end the end.
The "special-effects" graphics and video manipulation delivering cartoon-esque visual cinema has been done ad nauseum--"Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid", "Roger Rabbitt", "Forrest Gump", "Gladiator", are all better examples of like talents used to better results.
The girl grows up to be a stripper, played blandly by a Lolita-esque Jessica Alba.
Andrews has a crackling Bogart-esque presence here, which makes us like the only honest guy in the movie, and Webb is brilliant as the tart-tongued, frustrated Waldo, who sees Laura as his personal Galatea.
Disturbingly violent, with plenty of typically Barker-esque mixing of sex and horror.
 Of the eight, I would say KILL THEORY probably would have the best chance of theatrical success, if only for its SAW-esque plot.
Uncut from NYC" does not contain the comic's best material, but he still delivers his commentaries in the usual Rollins-esque style of entertainingly angst-fueled, exasperated-at-all-the-weak-minded-stupidity-of-the-world-ness.
the bus ride,  the post office, the climactic MAN WHO KNEW TOO MUCH-esque ballet sequence and the fight in the cottage.
Richard Robbins Glass-esque score was fresh and hypnotic, transporting us into the lush greenery and richly cloistered environment of the old house.
 The perfect heroine.<br /><br />The way this movie was done, with the dark, gritty, noir-esque settings of Batman and the 'lightness' of the dark comedy from Nicholson's Joker, gives the movie a vitality that all the others have lacked to a certain extent.
Batman Returns has a very creative and &quot;Burton-esque&quot;  visual style, yet it's so unrelentingly dark it can't compare to the first,  and the best.
The Bottom Line:<br /><br />Though the ending feels somewhat Twilight Zone-esque and doesn't measure up to the rest of the screenplay, this is by and large an exceptionally well-written and acted movie that hurtles through its 138 minute running length and hardly feels a bit dated.
The score composed by John Powell was all right; It suited the action-esque atmosphere in the movie but you'll be hard pressed to even bother paying attention to it.
And finally, Anna Paquin concludes her pointless attempt at conceptualizing Rogue. Instead of the Southern, wonder girl-esque charm, there is the typical $5.
Sandler doesn't feel miscast, in fact he's quite good, despite some Sandler-esque bits (his dialogue during a rather strange love scene is very reminiscent of his other stuff) but I think his presence suggests this is going to be a low-brow humor geared to frat boys.
 Sounds like it might get old? It does.  However, once you get over the fact that the plot material is "Oedipus-esque," shall we say, it's easy to get involved with the story and recognize that it is very intriguing.
Somethings about this movie lack a lot and some might say its a Pulp Fiction-esque type movie and it is in its only little world.
Cars 2 just feels very flat emotionally, and loaded with Michael Bay-esque pyrotechnics to compensate.
The action scenes are tight, with Matrix-esque slow motion shots, crazy camera angles and an emphasis on heavy gun play, indicative of producer John Woo's style.
The voice acting was on point.<br /><br />Although now there's an anime-esque FF series on the Cartoon Network now, I still prefer both this set and the 1967-68 Hanna-Barbera animated FF as their best outings in animation.
(And it goes beyond this, giving us glimpses of amoral, anti-government, mafia-esque groups in europe and lone seductress-assassins, the latter of which I hadn't assumed actually existed in reality, but perhaps they do.
Ironically, music from Danny Elfman also succeeds in giving this film that sort of superhero, Burton Batman-esque feel as well, which is a strange coincidence considering they were all made around the same period, but with vastly different reception.
 In the games, Liu Kang was always one of my least favorite characters, due to his overblown Bruce Lee-esque imitation, but this film removes that, preventing him from being annoying.
 Number two, what's with the clumsy carousel-esque pop-up top?
Did I just drool? It did feel a bit Terminator-esque at points, but thankfully, it managed to get past that, and turn into an actually alright movie.
This season offers John Goodman as CEO of a Blackwater-esque private company involved in the war in Afghanistan.
At least it's a  twist on the usual cartoon-esque tone of these things.
Marvel fans may be upset that there is no cliche Stan Lee-esque radioactivity accident, or nearly Omnipotent "last son" of a dying advanced alien civilization.
 The<br />look is like much later film noir, but often better (including a little Scorsese-esque fast<br />push in), and the editing (and story structure) is very brave; from the flashback<br />structure of the whole story, to the super fast cutting in two sequences (including the<br />insertion on a single red frame) that makes most modern editing look safe and<br />dull by comparison.
But Reynold's psychotic Johnny-esque preformance was definitely worth admission price on the day after opening.
As I said, the film does a good job in conveying the "Eichmann-esque" element of the Abu Ghraib scandal.
A year after the couragous mutant team known as the X-Men, there has been a terrorist mutant attack made by Devil-esque mutant named Nightcrawler (Alan Cumming) in the White House.
And an individual may very well not like what they see. And as serious as the show is, there is the trademarked Whedon-esque rapport.
Maurice Jarre's score, which weaves Hindu music with Cole Porter-esque rhythm, never overpowers the dialogue or sound effects.
 Adult themes, complex characters, a realistic 'blade-runner'-esque environment, and some excellent cross genre music.
I like Mr. Quaid. I think that his often-exasperated mannerisms are enjoyable, almost Jack Nicholson-esque at times.
The fact that this Frankenstein's monster is not the typical, "Karloff-esque", square-headed green-skinned guy with bolts in his neck is a big plus, and gives the film real originality.
Why have a pair of Laurel & Hardy-esque style sheriffs in what is supposedly a film of uncompromising savagery?
 And how very close help was...  Little Craven-esque  quirks tended to pop up (such as a sudden shift from extreme violence to a  scene of almost slapstick humor) that will remind viewers of the Elm Street  and Scream series.
He's straight gangsta, yo.<br /><br />While the Rear Window-esque voyeur element is rather inspired, nothing else in the film really is.
At moments, it almost descends into a Mel Gibson-esque orgy of pain.
written and produced by mel gibson. lots of cool action, violence, humor done in a tarantino-esque style.
Some things I appreciate even more now than then. (Barry Gary's music, the Frank Lloyd Wright-esque architecture of Tracy Island.
 Cusack's Jane very much captures Rochester's comments on her piquant and pixie-esque qualities, and I do think they had some real chemistry - in fact comments I found online by Jayston said there was real attraction between the two of them during filming and I think it shows.
 I think Jayston's performance is brilliant - he chooses to bring a Beethoven-esque type performance to Rochester which I believe is certainly a valid way to go with his characterization, but shows his great sensitivity and pathos with incredible artistry.
 Particularly Helsinki.... a quiet but thoughful ending to this Fellini-esque romp across the globe.
 Although 16 year old Christina was endearing in her silent Lolita-esque role, the rest of the film fell flat on its face.
 Don't go into this movie expecting a warm and fuzzy Kate and Leopold-esque feeling, but do expect to root for Bullock at least over her sleazy adversary.
Right, and finds Mrs. Partly-Right instead, drove me crazy with their Woody Allen-esque attempts to be intellectually funny.
 Yes, they indulge their mutual fantasy and even foray into the world of one-on-one fantasy-esque sex, but is this enough for a relationship to be formed?
 Yes, they indulge their mutual fantasy and even foray into the world of one-on-one fantasy-esque sex, but is this enough for a relationship to be formed?
He helped Sand become the third major character in the film, giving it personality, creating a Dali-esque canvas.
I actually enjoyed the fact that Trinity took on a sort of Shaft-esque vibe, especially in the opening sequence where Blade emerges from the fire and the camera freezes at various points in the action during the credits, very much like what you'd see in a 70's blaxpoitation film.
Some people complained there was not enough ACTION or Fast and Furious-esque Drama.
There is very little quick cutting between camera setups and absolutely zero sitcom-esque axial cut dialog scenes.
Drive is a unique film which I'm not surprised alienates some viewers, specifically due to it's slow Hitchcock-esque build up and lack of traditional movie dialogue.
Another unsung hero of this film is Cliff Martinez, who does the Tangerine Dream-esque score for the film as another nod to those classic 80's thrillers.
Unlike many action films that I've recently seen, it has undeniable style. It has a Tarantino-esque feel, and a look that separates it from a lot of other similar films.
The music sounds a bit "80's-esque" as well, which was when the setting of Donnie Darko took place.
Refn understands Sam Peckinpah more than Rod Lurie does.<br /><br />Stylistically, this may be the most "eighties-esque" film of the year.
OK, interesting enough. But all of a sudden, he turns into this unstoppable Jason Bourne-esque Terminator who can take out any hardened mob soldier with a flick of the wrist--SUP-ER-MAAAAN!
I'm not saying he is supernatural or anything like that, but he definitely has some hero-esque qualities about him.
While Marlon does as much as he can (despite some CW-esque jokes thrown in there), his character isn't that memorable and leaves the movie like that with no reason why.
Throw in a disgruntled Jabba-esque Scotsman who knows just the wrong things to say, and a few especially nasty gross-out moments (Austin drinking an ersatz cup o&#8217; joe, and the infamous tent scene), and you have a little something for everybody!
Throw in a disgruntled Jabba-esque Scotsman who knows just the wrong things to say, and a few especially nasty gross-out moments (Austin drinking an ersatz cup o&#8217; joe, and the infamous tent scene), and you have a little something for everybody!
Throw in a disgruntled Jabba-esque Scotsman who knows just the wrong things to say, and a few especially nasty gross-out moments (Austin drinking an ersatz cup o&#8217; joe, and the infamous tent scene), and you have a little something for everybody!
 At the beginning of the movie it feels like  another Star Trek - Battlestar Galactica-esque movie; you are in deep space  searching for a lost ship and then when you find it there are no life  signs.
Weimar Germany represented another unstable force. Soviet infighting was also recent news, as the Trotsky-esque bad guy reminds us.
The plots were perfect: survival of high school. But rather than making it soap opera-esque, the WB was smart and added some much needed "BAM" to their idea with refreshing characters, engaging plots, and non stop laughs!
 The beginning scene with the "cream" filled wash cloth and the condom in the hair, very American Pie-esque.
I loved this show when it was running on TV but hated the Dallas-esque ending!
For a dead guy, Hazel's ex sure can scrap. Not that we can see much in the sloppily-directed Toho-esque elbows-and-angles style bout.
I'm too lazy to get into specifics, but all of the science fiction-esque themes and jargon that were thrown around in this series seemed really pale and cheap to me.
 The story is basically about the end of the world and the godzilla-esque angels who bring it about and the human struggle to survive by fighting them with organic mechs.
Of course, the main fanbase was young girls. This is, technically, a young girls' fantasy show, and its Buffy-esque qualities made it a lot of fun and a huge hit.
a van peebles-esque tour de force with a kind of orson welles twist.
I've enjoyed Jamie Blanks' previous movies. Both URBAN LEGEND and VALENTINE, especially the latter, were Argento-esque giallos that don't get the respect they should from fans.
The music is very intricately orchestrated and sung and the look is very Burton-esque in it's stylized appearance.
Some seem to find this grating, but I'm a major fan of this technique. Slow motion lends a battle that classic Peckinpah-esque gritty brutality, and it's used to spectacular effect in "Watchmen".
Manhattan (Billy Crudup) who is a god-like Superman-esque blue skinned being with unique powers, sexy Silk Spectre (Malin Akerman) and very smart and brilliant crimefighter NightOwl (Patrick Wilson) all join together to try to solve the mystery of the Comedian's death.
Manhattan is the god-like power; Rorschach is the Batman-esque thirst to avenge crime; Night Owl II is a bored rich kid; Silk Spectre II is obliged, etc.
The few moments that were supposed to be funny, weren't. A Jerry Springer-esque talk show moment made it that much worse.
Manhattan (Billy Crudup) who is a Superman-esque immortal god of powers, blank masked avenger Roschach (Jackie Earl Haley), sexy buttkicker Silk Spectre (Malin Akerman) and intelligent Batman-esque Nightowl (Patrick Wilson) are together trying to untangle the mystery of who killed Comedian.
And it doesn`t end there. Then the movie becomes very Tarintino-esque, and from there, a bit of western style violence (ie: Desperado).
McQuarrie is clearly a movie junkie.  This is evident by his Peckinpah-esque story arc and settings and his pair of anti-heroes; the John Woo-esque excessive gunplay, the subsequent and frequent showers of bullets, and the limitless supply of people to kill, and guns to kill them with; and the Quentin Tarantino-esque self-conscious subversion of the genre.
Gone are the chatty hitmen and pop culture references that make movies truly &quot;Tarantino-esque,&quot; and make rip-offs of &quot;Dogs&quot; like &quot;Truth And Consequences, N.
Kathleen Turner grabs you from the second she is on screen her Jane Mansfield-esque frame is sheathed in a white dress and her husky yet alluring voice and all out jaguar on the prowl apppeal has never been equalled by any actress in this genre since!
Sometimes this film looks very Disney-esque or something out of a 60's "Wild Kingdom" episode and the narrative style complete with accompanying music will look and sound very hokey to many.
 Panned by most critics, I actually found this film to be extremely witty with a Wes Anderson-esque type of dry martini humor.
 His Fellini-esque Fabrizio (in &quot;Why do some women  have trouble achieving orgasm?
 The ending is Capra-esque but, hey, imitation is the sincerest form of flattery.
 In fact, the final fight scene in this movie is probably my favorite of any Chan-esque movie.
As a kid in the 1960's, I watched the Speed Racer cartoon a lot. It was an odd show, with a kerchief'd Pollyanna-esque main character navigating his way through hyper-exaggerated explosions and fist-fights with the Mob.
 Which is not to say IN THE LEAST that this is a silly or kid-only film.  Despite the mega-doses of Matrix-esque flash and dash, this is a great family film that has some serious heart to it, and which I feel was horribly maligned by the critics and movie-goers who weren't ready for what they were going to see and either couldn't or wouldn't go with the flow.
My arms got a harder workout than they are used to. As I was doing the Jane-Fonda-esque arm moves, I thought about how stronger triceps will make me a stronger swimmer.
Oddly enough, the Bladerunner-esque buildings throughout the movie also help to establish the feeling of urgency, and the sensation of teetering on the edge of something great, something that we cannot possibly understand.
 It doesn't matter much these days what the topic surrounds, as long as there are long picture-esque images of Americana (or some other country), coupled with a tender moment, a blasting score, and sympathy towards anything - than the epic will reign supreme.
 He even has a brief training montage which includes some Rocky-esque sweaty ab work.
 With "Reloaded", what began as a single successful film becomes an updated "Star Wars"-esque trilogy, with a seemingly unbeatable first film, a middle piece, and a battle-filled climax.
 <p>Leonardo Dicaprio plays Romeo as a misunderstood James Dean-esque rebel with a mysterious aura about him.
DiCaprio's very Shakespeare-in-the-Park-esque Romeo was rather disappointing.
 The episodes in this season seemed more motion picture-esque and less like a TV sitcom.
 <p>Danny Devito plays what may well have been his last truly funny role, made all the more hilarious because his Brando-esque character takes himself almost as seriously as DeVito takes himself these days.
More on this later...<br /><br />Jolie as Alexander's mother uses as bizarre Russian-esque accent that is terribly out of place with who Olympia actually was.
Though, as some reviewers suggest, the movie often becomes Tarantino-esque, there are elements of reality throughout.
 Do not expect David Lean-esque fantastic photography here.
 Why? Predictability.  Design is always the same.  Stick figure-esque, almost surreal imagery is in every flick.
 Assuming you can see though its typically  Burton-esque fog of gloom, you will find some good actors struggling  within.
I could have done without the bad humor or the Jurassic Park-esque baby Godzilla side story, but I kinda like this Godzilla.
The documentary-esque realism is very much alive in this film and I have to say that Liman is an excellent director.
Daniel Tay as Doogal...ehh...nothing to write home about. Jimmy Fallon portrayed the laid-back, hippie-esque Dylan the Rabbit with ease, of course.
 I went into 'Charlie's Angels' wanting only to see a little Bond-esque action and, of course, Lucy Liu.
Every time the film employs cheesy '70s-esque montage sequences, every time the camera goes wicked slow when the girls toss their hair, and every time an action scene comes up (which takes things from films like The Matrix, Mission: Impossible, and True Lies), it's all a parody.
 Bruce Willis is wonderful as the Rambo-esque superguy who outwits, outplays, and outlasts the heavily-armed killers, and reveals just enough of his tender side to endear his character to the audience.
 You'll see a remarkably Sean-Connery-esque "Triple-Oh-Eight," a comical comparison between the villainous "Galaxy" and Bond's Spectre, and a cigarette lighter meant to put 007's attache case in "From Russia to Love" to shame.
 Well, first of all, the main (kinda') character...a gothic, dark, strange, quiet, "Vampire Hunter D"-esque character named "Darkside".
 Burton's first big budget feature effort had been Pee Wee's Big Adventure (1985), a zany Caligari-esque journey in craoyla colors.
 Burton's first big budget feature effort had been Pee Wee's Big Adventure (1985), a zany Caligari-esque journey in craoyla colors.
 I'm not going to whine about how the end just didn't tie it all in together. I'm not going to complain about the MTV-esque version of &quot;Wise Up&quot; in the middle of the film.
 Because I knew of the multiple storylines, i expected something tarantino-esque with something that tied together neatly.
 These lesser Italian westerns have a thing with anachronistic music.  Remember Django's Tom Jones-esque theme?
He also has an intentional cameo later on in the movie. His brief performance isn't exactly Hitchcockian or Tarantino-esque, but I think he makes out okay.
Disturbingly violent, with plenty of typically Barker-esque mixing of sex and horror.
 Of the eight, I would say KILL THEORY probably would have the best chance of theatrical success, if only for its SAW-esque plot.
This Madonna-esque epiphany in the midst of this urban hell hole triggers Tsotsi's journey back from the brink of damnation to retrieve his lost identity and to risk all by returning the child to its family.
If you like Tim Burtons work, you will appreciate the skewed perspectives, the painted sets, and the Edward Scissorhads-esque "Somnambulist".
With bold, "Pee-Wee's Playhouse"-like doors, Burton-esque buildings, and a dream-like town, director Robert Wiene (along with his set designer and cinematographer) was well beyond the 1900s.
Ashley Judd was WAY too Hollywood-esque (is that a word?
 There are many black & white photos with blood splatter-esque color marks spread throughout.
Either way, you'll either be severely depressed or immensely amused by what transpires, from the Lifetime-esque opening credits to the painfully bad showdown in the end.
The Isaac Asimov-esque robot, the massive flood, the large-scale destruction of the undercity, the masses of vehicles travelling outside, the huge interactive set-pieces - every visual element of this movie is absolutely stunning.
In the far future in a large New York-esque city, it seems workers are struggling with people called "Thinkers" who are like the bosses that makes plans and being a big corporation.
Lynn Harris-esque upper-middle class, with lots of flashy cars, first-class flights, talk of designer labels and the like; I thought the talk would be all about sex and I was wrong on all three counts) and although there were a few "Nollywood" moments, on the whole the series was very well acted and very well directed.
The Isaac Asimov-esque robot, the massive flood, the large-scale destruction of the undercity, the masses of vehicles travelling outside, the huge interactive set-pieces - every visual element of this movie is absolutely stunning.
In the far future in a large New York-esque city, it seems workers are struggling with people called "Thinkers" who are like the bosses that makes plans and being a big corporation.
And how sad is it that my favorite part and character from the movie was Aro? Probably because he's a proper Rice-esque vampire.
 When he's bitten by the James Dean-esque leader of the gang(the two sidekicks look like they stepped out of the Blue Oyster Bar from the Police Academy movies), he becomes a gay werewolf-A Werebear!
 Definitely the most TROMA-esque.
And like many have said, it is very Troma-esque.
 The best one, I thought, was the B@W "Diary of Anne Frankenstein", with its mixture of truly bad taste and Hogan's Hero-esque humor.
If you like Tim Burtons work, you will appreciate the skewed perspectives, the painted sets, and the Edward Scissorhads-esque "Somnambulist".
With bold, "Pee-Wee's Playhouse"-like doors, Burton-esque buildings, and a dream-like town, director Robert Wiene (along with his set designer and cinematographer) was well beyond the 1900s.
 This story is fairly humorous and very fun to watch, with a chase scene through an Escher-esque set as a baker tries to escape after a failed attempt at thievery.
Agent 86 used a variety of Bond-esque devices, notably his shoe, which contained a phone and other doo-dads to help him get through each episode.
With its exquisite black-and-white shots of Monument Valley, assured acting, and Custer-esque storyline, "Apache" is an enduring Western winner.
If not for the PG-13 rating, G.I. Joe-esque "laser bullets," and occasional moments of cheese and campiness, I'd probably be so bold as to consider this "quintessential" for action junkies.
 Stratham demonstrates his kick-boxing talents and makes mush out of anyone who crosses him.  But it's the suave, Bond-esque manner in which his character conducts his "business" that makes this a really cool flick.
Yes, the baby inherited the miracle drug, growing into the highly intelligent Caesar who lives in Rockwell-esque harmony in an attic the size of a high school gymnasium.
This goes undiscussed on screen.<br /><br />There is one excellent, Speilberg-esque scene of suburbanites marveling as leaves rain down on their cars, shaken loose by the horde of apes traveling through the treetops above.
Cinematically, it's done in kind of a Sofia Coppola-esque way.
Brazil belongs to a tradition that include both the Kafka-esque & the Monty Python-esque.
It's also a bit more movie-esque in the more bigger action scenes, making it a bit more dynamic.
the Scotland of Trainspotting is a rather depressing land of dingy, Detroit-esque post-industrial decay, and even the natural beauty of the local highlands isn't enough to overcome the cynicism that's overtaken Renton and most of his friends.
As it turns out, Sam, with Keaton-esque antics and eccentric nature, is just the housekeeper that Joon has been looking for, and they fall in love.
 The physical comedy and capturing that Keaton/Chaplin-esque style was fantastic and the same can be said with the brother and sister chemistry between Aidan Quinn and Mary Stuart Masterson.
It's a very simple RPG-esque plot, but it's the journey that makes the movie.
Add in it had great stylized action scenes (Matrix-esque, while still being original in appearance), a feel of a huge back history to the story, and very effective bad guys.
Along with the use of natural sound, it creates a credible documentary-esque ambience.
 This after his picture-esque Norman Rockwell-type family is uprooted by the kidnapping of his nine-year-old daughter.
Brooks" with a graphic novel-esque feel not unlike `A History of Violence', especially with Hurt again hamming it up in a campy cameo type performance that is hard to beat.
No, this isn't standard Hollywood-esque fare; No, this isn't a penetrating psycho-analysis of one man's life or of an extreme sport; No, this isn't even great film-making.
fetus eating, multiple stabbings, zombie-esque neck-biting, clever to the head, a hanging, and a dude who eats his own entrails.
It makes NIGHT WATCH, the first of this two-part series, almost Disney-esque.
This movie, and others are set in a romantic European-esque period about the turn of the last century.
Keith Carradine returns, with his Henry Fonda-esque delivery, as now retired FBI profiler Frank Lundy who is in Miami to partly renew acquaintances with Detective Debra Morgan but mostly to pursue his pet project: tracking down the Trinity Killer, the only serial killer to have eluded him (of course, Dexter two seasons ago also eluded Lundy).
 It also has a definite <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000GW8UAE">Simon & Simon - Season One</a>-esque feel to it, being as it is the story of two unlikely and completely opposite partners and the more-than-it-seems adventure they find themselves falling into.
It was highly enjoyable and scary enough for my taste in its B movie way. Some great John Carpenter-esque performances.
 Though Carpenter enlists certain elements that may be stereotypical, such as the Romero-esque zombies and the notion of all-encompassing evil attempting to over-take good, Carpenter adds his own unique twists.
This is a gorgeous fantasy epic with a hefty dose of Monty Python-esque comedy thrown in for good measure.
 The cast is pretty close to all star including Robin Williams, Uma Thurman as a Botticelli-esque Venus, John Neville and even Terry Gilliam himself.
While Marlon does as much as he can (despite some CW-esque jokes thrown in there), his character isn't that memorable and leaves the movie like that with no reason why.
 And the mystical light at the heart of the island?  I can't think of anything more contrived and Disney-esque.
"T2" immediately does away with the Del James-esque poetics of the first film and goes for pure commercialism.
With the help of Green Day, Albert Brooks (the french bowler Jacques or Hank Scorpio, the Bond-esque villain from the show) and Tom Hanks, the film's at least a winner a good chunk of the time which is surprising considering the actual show's output lately.
Christopher Walken has a great time doing a parody of himself throughout the movie. He's hilarious as he does his Walken-esque soliloquies for everyone except the people that might actually have gotten a clue from his ramblings and figured out that this backwoods bad guy has more than one screw loose.
if you are looking for a Dirty Harry-esque cool fest from eastwood, you will be dissappointed.
Playing the Keanu-esque foil to McConaughey's Swayze, Christian Bale returns every hardened stare, lets no machismo go unanswered, no muscle flex go un-flexed back at, and he'll be damned if he puts a shirt on either.
The one-on-one finale is a gritty Steven Seagal-esque encounter, with no question whatsoever whether or not Dolph is going to win.
 If you are expecting a classic zombie thriller, this ain't it.  It's really more of a twisted Tim Burton-esque parody of 1950's life which happens to have zombies in it.
The 50's-esque fashions and attitudes are also amusing.
I love the use of color: the cars are especially yummy. Billy Connolly is brilliant as Fido! The story is almost Disney-esque: an emotionally stunted family, a lonely boy, and the dog (or in this case, the zombie) who shakes things up.
Funny 1950's "Night of the Living Dead"-esque satire.
For all of the people who mock Gregg Araki's dialogue, his poor, home-video-esque directing and his sloppy editing, I have one thing to say: you're all correct.
 It's noir-esque with flashes of color sort of like sky captain but it just feels like a competent sci-fi flick.
You have to watch it for yourself, you will find a conspiracy and not a X-files-esque story necessarily and the regular characters are very well played.
 When I use the word "glamorize", I do not mean it as this film is a glossy, picture-esque view of the south, but instead I use it as a term to describe Phil Morrison direction.
 Does Morrison not believe us?<br /><br />As I disappointingly watched Junebug's southern-esque story of family and culture unfold in front of my eyes, I couldn't help but wonder why Amy Adams was being handed so much praise for her work.
He helped Sand become the third major character in the film, giving it personality, creating a Dali-esque canvas.
 He does up the gore content however, and it makes the film a little more horror-esque in nature.
Ella also manages to help a dentist who wants to becomes a composer, and a Brando-esque teen actor achieve status.
the New Testament.<p>While this has the classic Python-esque wry humor and satire, there's something a little more timid here.
John Constanstine". It's a mix of H.P. Lovecraft-esque horror, fantasy and action combined with some dazzling special effects and an intriguing story, the main character is quite a complex and tragic hero that shows us the way to hell and heaven in this movie.
Schnoso wants mo' "). Or when Zorak sings in a Timberlake-esque voice a musical version of Psycho.
 The Irma-esque caricature is utterly unfunny and, repeatedly identifying herself as nearly jail-bait age, her romance with the much older O'Brien is as irrational as it is disturbing.
 A little TRON-esque but I was digging it!
She does get one last Silence-of-the-Lambs-esque scene, as the movie ties up the final loose end, but it could have used more of these types of scenes.
For all of the people who mock Gregg Araki's dialogue, his poor, home-video-esque directing and his sloppy editing, I have one thing to say: you're all correct.
Reminds me of this scene from Annie Hall:<br /><br />Pam: Sex with you is really a Kafka-esque experience.
Didn't really make much sense to stupid me. <p>Don't go into this expecting a great, Armageddon-esque film.
The standout is little Abigail Breslin as young Olive, who has a Dakota Fanning-esque acting talent which really makes the film.
 The whole pageant atmosphere was Fellini-esque and completely cringe-inducing.
 Everyone gives absolutely wonderful performances.  Greg Kinnear is especially pitch perfect as the "Tony Robbins-esque" motivational speaking Dad trying to land a big deal.
Featuring a cast of awesome wushu practitioners, this is a gem in the Jet Li line-up. And the Tai Chi-esque performance done at the end makes this a fun lineup.
The soundtrack is  fantastic, too - lots of edgy 'braindance' from Warp-esque artists,  available on a great CD.
There's a groovy soundtrack featuring some Warp-esque techno acts, lots of quotable lines, and although the central story is basically Arthur C.
The girl grows up to be a stripper, played blandly by a Lolita-esque Jessica Alba.
The characters ramble on in moments of deep thought, revealing what makes them tick. It's filled to the brim with Arnold-esque one-liners.
There's also a lot of Tarantino-esque recursion in the plot line (not to mention that the character of Miho is straight out the Crazy-88 in _Kill Bill_, and so are her weapons), reminiscent of _Pulp Fiction_: The beginning isn't necessarily the beginning, nor is the end the end.
The "special-effects" graphics and video manipulation delivering cartoon-esque visual cinema has been done ad nauseum--"Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid", "Roger Rabbitt", "Forrest Gump", "Gladiator", are all better examples of like talents used to better results.
The girl grows up to be a stripper, played blandly by a Lolita-esque Jessica Alba.
the bus ride,  the post office, the climactic MAN WHO KNEW TOO MUCH-esque ballet sequence and the fight in the cottage.
Her mannerisms, her clothing, and her speech were all impeccably Hepburn-esque.
Richard Robbins Glass-esque score was fresh and hypnotic, transporting us into the lush greenery and richly cloistered environment of the old house.
It's also a good movie to watch and relax to late at night. It's along the lines of a Shyamalon-esque thriller/suspense film and I find that it always delivers when i watch it.
 Is he just a Patrick Bateman-esque corporate sociopath, or is he the ultimate evil incarnate?
 He meets a Heidi-esque girl and falls in love, and they too, end up in space.
As he struggles against giving the order for a My Lai-esque massacre of an unarmed Turkish convoy, Lawrence's face [animated by the incomparable acting of Peter O'Toole] all but says: "Now could I drink hot blood!
Did I just drool? It did feel a bit Terminator-esque at points, but thankfully, it managed to get past that, and turn into an actually alright movie.
It's a very Cronenberg-esque thriller with plenty of good stuff for everyone especially horror/Sci-fi fanatics and special effects junkies.
But with the surprise introduction of "Bonta-kun" (the cuddly bear whose seemingly Pokemon-esque dialogue of "Fumoffu!
Turns out, it's a really good movie. Very dark Twilight Zone-esque sort of plot with mind bending twists and turns that are sure to leave you asking questions.
 The president (a Clinton-esque Bill Bullman) calls upon military services to fight these creatures.
Anyway, this was really great. A slight "bridesmaid-esque" type twist, but a good movie nonetheless.
has moments of depth and meaning where the characters are introspective and very Sparks-esque.
And it doesn`t end there. Then the movie becomes very Tarintino-esque, and from there, a bit of western style violence (ie: Desperado).
McQuarrie is clearly a movie junkie.  This is evident by his Peckinpah-esque story arc and settings and his pair of anti-heroes; the John Woo-esque excessive gunplay, the subsequent and frequent showers of bullets, and the limitless supply of people to kill, and guns to kill them with; and the Quentin Tarantino-esque self-conscious subversion of the genre.
Gone are the chatty hitmen and pop culture references that make movies truly &quot;Tarantino-esque,&quot; and make rip-offs of &quot;Dogs&quot; like &quot;Truth And Consequences, N.
Period.) The "Alien-esque" spawns of the beast were also very well done (one of the characters meets a horrible fate due to one of them.
 This film is basically a civilian's account of a Godzila-esque attack and it works on that level.
It uses a mockumentary-esque feel to it and makes you feel like your part of the movie too with it's DV camera filmmaking and good performances by the cast.
 The only drawback was the collection of slacker, twentysomething, dude-esque nincompoops running around in front of the camera.
a stately mansion/castle w/ intensely loyal servants and a cavalcade of one-of-a-kind gizmos and James-Bond-esque weapons and gadgets, not to mention a garage full of Jaguars, Porsches and BMW's.
its..."mature" aspects. No there's no sex but there's some small amounts of violence(don't worry, nothing Sleepy Hollow-esque here).
its..."mature" aspects. No there's no sex but there's some small amounts of violence(don't worry, nothing Sleepy Hollow-esque here).
 Rockwell and Jackson turn in inspired, albeit secondary efforts.  Johannson is minimally used, but serves her Matrix-esque purpose in a skin-tight outfit and awesome fight scene.
 We watch a film that would have done Disney proud as the "Key to the Future" is revealed (complete with Disney-esque music and style) but is actually more than it seems -- and gives Tony a key to his future.
 Rockwell and Jackson turn in inspired, albeit secondary efforts.  Johannson is minimally used, but serves her Matrix-esque purpose in a skin-tight outfit and awesome fight scene.
 We watch a film that would have done Disney proud as the "Key to the Future" is revealed (complete with Disney-esque music and style) but is actually more than it seems -- and gives Tony a key to his future.
More on this later...<br /><br />Jolie as Alexander's mother uses as bizarre Russian-esque accent that is terribly out of place with who Olympia actually was.
(I swear, there's something about candy-esque colors like that, soft and bright at the same time, that activates the emotion centers of the brain.
Even though it has been said that this movie is Matrix-esque, the feeling will pass as soon as you notice that these characters and story stand on their own feet well enough, and with a solid ending, no extremely obvious loose ends or loop-holes, and best of all, no sprinkle-in-a-sex-scene rubbish this is THE movie to see next friday night.
 You're not going to see some amazing James Cameron-esque special effects and lighting here.
wierd movie.<br /><br />yuki-onna-esque.
I've got to hand it to Roger Corman for this one; Wasp Woman is a pretty darn good movie (albeit with vintage Corman-esque not so special effects).
 Bruce Willis is wonderful as the Rambo-esque superguy who outwits, outplays, and outlasts the heavily-armed killers, and reveals just enough of his tender side to endear his character to the audience.
The cliched pieces stolen from hollywood-esque action films are tongue-in-cheek and very well placed by the directors.
Garcia finds himself having to "service" the years-younger wife of Coburn. He's an old Hemingway-esque writer, who's working on one last book and permits the young wife to amuse herself since he's too sick to do much of that kind of thing anymore.
If you are looking for Simpsons-esque punchlines or the predictable situations of Seinfeld, look elsewhere.
. . <p>. . . and so it is with `Memento', a pastiche of Jim<br />Thompson-esque crime cliches complicated, but not<br />deepened, by a fairly original cinematic device.
Ashley Judd was WAY too Hollywood-esque (is that a word?
 <p>Leonardo Dicaprio plays Romeo as a misunderstood James Dean-esque rebel with a mysterious aura about him.
DiCaprio's very Shakespeare-in-the-Park-esque Romeo was rather disappointing.
Why would he cut an important keystone of the book's plot? Yet he decides to replace that with Cuban Missile Crisis-esque conflict down on Earth, which feels incredibly irrelevant in present year of 2004.
Pierce Brosnan heats up the screen with Rene Russo in this hot little remake.  Although Bond-esque characteristics are present, Brosnan delivers a look at his corrupt and witty side as an actor.
 In the games, Liu Kang was always one of my least favorite characters, due to his overblown Bruce Lee-esque imitation, but this film removes that, preventing him from being annoying.
A beautiful stark film. An amazing story, almost Disney-esque about young heroines refusing to accept their fate.
The annoying Disney-esque familiar to our villain, Rasputan, is an obnoxious little white bat (which channels Iago from Aladdin) who inexplicably moves from being a sinister and vindictive side-kick to an unwilling and disinterested participant to his master's evil scheme.
Max (Jean Gabin at his most Mitchum-esque), an aging hood who has pulled off a massive airport robbery and plans to retire quietly to the country, sits in his apartment one night with his old friend, the somewhat lunk-headed Riton (Rene Dary).
It could be the soundtrack that recalls AMERICAN GRAFFITI. It could be director Paul Thomas Anderson's Scorcese-esque approach to the filming.
Agent 86 used a variety of Bond-esque devices, notably his shoe, which contained a phone and other doo-dads to help him get through each episode.
 The ending is Capra-esque but, hey, imitation is the sincerest form of flattery.
 Bruce Willis is wonderful as the Rambo-esque superguy who outwits, outplays, and outlasts the heavily-armed killers, and reveals just enough of his tender side to endear his character to the audience.
 Mixing horror with Kevin Smith-esque dialogue, Justin manages to blend the two together beautifully.
If you don't care how stupid the jokes are, how idiotic the acting and plot is, how they thought to fit a Godzilla-esque fight seen in the middle and just want to be entertained down to the tiny hairs growing at the end of your toes buy this.
 The great disguises that were created for Val Kilmer's character and his techno gagetry add to the films "bond-esque" feel, while the romance with Elizabeth Shue's character is both engaging and central to the story, rather than an "eye candy" afterthought.
 The modernist sets (particularly the wonderful Frank Lloyd Wright-esque house) clashed with the feel of the movie, which is intimate and familial.
Thus, he also included the party-girl Monroe-esque character in this film.
I especially loved the ending, it was original.<p>There is a Tenchi-esque feel to this series, so if you like Tenchi, you'll love this.
The people waiting at the train station only to watch stunned as it races by empty and on fire is also a good Spielberg-esque moment.
With 8 1/2, he embraced a much more fanciful surrealistic style, later to be dubbed &quot;Fellini-esque&quot;.
 All of it done in gaspable color,  bizarre settings and imagery,  in what has led to the very word,  "Fellini-esque".
Senator seeking the Presidential nomination on the heels of his McCarthy-esque tirades against communists in the government.
 The McCarthy-esque anticommunism of the Iselins brilliantly hides the fact that the conspiracy is more real than even the Iselins publically let on, as we see when we find the identity of Shaw's American operator.
What makes the movie so effective is the "Psycho"-esque score by Harry Manfredini and of course the memorable gore effects by Tom Savini which shocked the daylights out of people when it first came out yet they are still effective.
 At the beginning of the movie it feels like  another Star Trek - Battlestar Galactica-esque movie; you are in deep space  searching for a lost ship and then when you find it there are no life  signs.
Through all of this, Beowulf can't even wear the oft-lauded boar helmet from the poem, but opts for a Chuck Norris-esque headband instead.
Through all of this, Beowulf can't even wear the oft-lauded boar helmet from the poem, but opts for a Chuck Norris-esque headband instead.
 Through all of this, Beowulf can't even wear the oft-lauded boar helmet from the poem, but opts for a Chuck Norris-esque headband instead.
 <p>Danny Devito plays what may well have been his last truly funny role, made all the more hilarious because his Brando-esque character takes himself almost as seriously as DeVito takes himself these days.
 What follows is a short series of excellent stand-alone episodes (including the introduction of the fascinating, X-Men-esque Gwen) before Cordelia's inevitable return and the start of the season's thrill ride of a plot.
Meryl Streep was excellent in her portrayal of the Anna Wintour-esque Mirande Priestley, but that alone doesn't make this film worth watching.
 Meryl Streep, of course, wins hands down as Cruella DeVille-esque Miranda as she obviously enjoys torturing those in the lower chain of command, yet she also shows a vulnerable side that makes you both respect and sympathize with her.
Peter O'Toole makes for an interesting Brando-esque character in this but doesn't make an impact in Supergirl's struggle until the end.
It's true. A talking alien plant set to take over the world, a hero out of a zero, three Ronettes-esque ladies with fantastic voices, a sadistic dentist - this movie is awesome.
Why have a pair of Laurel & Hardy-esque style sheriffs in what is supposedly a film of uncompromising savagery?
 And how very close help was...  Little Craven-esque  quirks tended to pop up (such as a sudden shift from extreme violence to a  scene of almost slapstick humor) that will remind viewers of the Elm Street  and Scream series.
There's a certain Fargo-esque quality, given the snowy Minnesota setting.
There the kids [garbed in medieval attire] each carried a magic weapon given them by the Yoda-esque Dungeon Master, their guide in the realm who seemingly distributed the weapons based on the kids individual personalities and abilities.
That is of course before her final transformation and once the fangs come into play, she resembles a Carly Simon-esque freakshow in need of serious dental work.
Her more Betty Page-esque comic book counterpart might have given the film a problem securing a PG rating.
 The acting is goofy, the special effects are &quot;Clash of the Titans&quot;-esque, and Ash seems to get his shotgun out of nowhere after coming out of the pit; but, you love it anyway cause its funny and good for a viewing at anytime of the day or night.
 To show off contemporary versions (circa 1990) of Ray Harryhausen-esque stop-motion techniques:<p>The special effects, while dated in the face of CGI prodigiousness, are enormous and spectacular.
 TRAINING DAY is a film with no special effects, no colorful cinematography, and no Picasso-esque art direction - just a movie that slaps you upside the hide from start to finish, with two powerhouse performances that stay with you long after the closing credits.
or "The Terminator" .. or maybe 007? His character became a caricature of ludicrous proportions, a Rambo-esque powerkiller who is able to annihilate the world using his mad skills and a knife.
 Color also played an important role in the film--vivid comic book-esque scenes enhanced the edginess of the dark comedy.
He's also the film's narrator, and does several amusing Adaptation-esque tricks with the story's timeline, all the while delivering ingratiating "I know this is silly" asides to the audience.
 It doesn't matter much these days what the topic surrounds, as long as there are long picture-esque images of Americana (or some other country), coupled with a tender moment, a blasting score, and sympathy towards anything - than the epic will reign supreme.
<p>I guess 'Harold and Maude' plays on '60s-esque themes of turning maverick, challenging societal moulds, denouncing materialism.
There is an Indiana Jones-esque treasure hunting feel mixed with a slick, sci-fi universe and engaging character interaction.
Brief synopsis: This latest product of Trey Parker and Matt Stone's twisted imaginations involves Thunderbirds-esque puppetry; the current state of global affairs summarized in lots and lots of collateral damage courtesy of the titular team ("f--k yeah!
Production designer Jim Dultz had to recreate a believable Bruckheimer-esque world.
 The film isn't Austin-esque either.
There is also a meditative, Windham Hill-esque music score by the estimable Ryuichi Sakamoto, which aptly captures the evocative nature of the story structure.
showing him scruffy with facial hair most of the film, overweight with a paunch belly, and jovial homo-esque eroticisms with the Woody Harrelson (Stan Lloyd) character.
Did I just drool? It did feel a bit Terminator-esque at points, but thankfully, it managed to get past that, and turn into an actually alright movie.
 And for someone expecting to see a new Final Fantasy-esque storyline on the silver screen, my expectations were not met.
 TRAINING DAY is a film with no special effects, no colorful cinematography, and no Picasso-esque art direction - just a movie that slaps you upside the hide from start to finish, with two powerhouse performances that stay with you long after the closing credits.
Everyone here is pitch-perfect: Hepburn, Holden, Bogie and the incomparable Billy Wilder.  This is a classic Cinderella-esque story of a young, poor girl hopelessly in love with the son of her father's employer.
Thoroughly enjoyed this creative, quirky, "Fargo-esque" mystery, set in NYC.
Peter O'Toole makes for an interesting Brando-esque character in this but doesn't make an impact in Supergirl's struggle until the end.
 There were Matrix-esque slow motion bits, and even a "do something at a control panel before time runs out" bit.
Throw in a disgruntled Jabba-esque Scotsman who knows just the wrong things to say, and a few especially nasty gross-out moments (Austin drinking an ersatz cup o&#8217; joe, and the infamous tent scene), and you have a little something for everybody!
The production value is top notch. The special effects are really good and hold up really well even in our "matrix-esque" era.
 Hitchkock-esque.
this movie combines the beautifulness and revolutionarity of the matrix-esque special effects and the jaw-droppingly great kung fu of the ninja to bring you a masterpiece.
<p>From the opening credits, in which the company performs the rousing, gospel-esque &#65533;How Shall I See You Through My Tears&#65533; to the end, when they dance through their own rendition of &#65533;The Want of a Nail,&#65533; it is this group of talented youngsters who make the movie come alive.
 The filmmakers could have given every scene a glossy, Hollywood-esque finish, and consequently make the film more palatable for kids and mainstream movie-going audiences, but doing that would likely downplay the realism essential to identifying with characters and making the story believable.
 Reagan gives an almost John Wayne-esque performance (you could almost call him John Wayne Light in this one).
 Of course, there is the tribute to Abba featuring all four songs from Abba-esque.
 Of course, there is the tribute to Abba featuring all four songs from Abba-esque.
The concert was amazing overall.  In addition to the "Abba-esque" portion of the concert, they had a great selection of old and new (or new back then anyway) hits, as well as a couple of well placed covers ("Stand by Your Man" and "Somewhere over the Rainbow").
Coming off a their first UK #1 single "abba-esque ep" Erasure took their Phantasmagorical show on a world tour.
Well, maybe not Sonar--his ability to hear is Radar-esque, but his humanity is refreshing.
In a 1984-esque white-washed future underground dystopia where sexuality is banned, all humans sport shaved heads and the same shapeless outfits as they go about their work in a mandated state of sedation, listening to exhortations to &quot;Buy and Be Happy.
While one might expect a Shatner-esque, over-the-top performance from Carrey, to which we've become accustomed in his comedic work, we are instead given a performance that is both subtle and remarkably powerful.
What do our memories look like if shown as a movie? Dali-esque, if Gondry is to be believed, complete with melting faces.
While one might expect a Shatner-esque, over-the-top performance from Carrey, to which we've become accustomed in his comedic work, we are instead given a performance that is both subtle and remarkably powerful.
What do our memories look like if shown as a movie? Dali-esque, if Gondry is to be believed, complete with melting faces.
 The limping, Frankenstein-esque "ninja" (I am not making this up) takes the cake.
No, this isn't standard Hollywood-esque fare; No, this isn't a penetrating psycho-analysis of one man's life or of an extreme sport; No, this isn't even great film-making.
 They quickly rushed into release the Marlene Dietrich picture "Dishonored", in which Dietrich starred as a Mata Hari-esque spy who too becomes unraveled by love.
 That's 100% good with me so right away I was expecting a Kubrick-esque film.
It was highly enjoyable and scary enough for my taste in its B movie way. Some great John Carpenter-esque performances.
 Though Carpenter enlists certain elements that may be stereotypical, such as the Romero-esque zombies and the notion of all-encompassing evil attempting to over-take good, Carpenter adds his own unique twists.
The conclusion seems almost sit-com-esque in a sudden reconciliation of several relationships, which seems a disservice to the characters.
 Large-scale indoctrination is accomplished through the visualized, Apple commerical-esque, Big Brother screens of 1984 (used later in V for Vendetta).
<p>Taking a page from 1984 the Tetragrammaton is a Big Brother-esque government, though they seem to rely more on human surveilance than on electronic spying, which suppresses art, culture, and entertainment as they engender to many emotional upwellings.
There are also constant 1984-esque propoganda broadcasts, and the "sense offense" concept of the movie is pretty much the same thing as the "thought crime" of 1984.
so werewolves and vampires were out, Satanism in. So here we get a Wheatley-esque story of powerful people sucked into devil-worship grafted onto an old fashioned Dracula story.
Instead of adding to tension, these cuts into odd confessionals, jittery music video-esque blurbs, and photo negative images remove the viewer from the urgency of the scene, and make them too aware that they're watching movie.
The film quality was grainy and stop-motion-esque.
its..."mature" aspects. No there's no sex but there's some small amounts of violence(don't worry, nothing Sleepy Hollow-esque here).
It's not very good. They used old gags like mirror-images, not-quite-Python-esque cut-outs and funky fractal patterns for backgrounds.
 The Kafka-esque storyline is meant to be so outrageous as to be funny and if taken in that spirit many of the scenes are very entertaining indeed.
 In its place are a few ill-matched diary-esque insights amidst a series of odd (a Thai prison, are you kidding me?
 Instead of the majestic and ambitious 2001-esque Star Trek: The Motion Picture, with it's so Roddenberry-esque tale of different life forms communicating, understanding and actually combining, we have big spaceships firing laser weapons at each other and plenty of boring running, jumping and falling down - if TMP had the ambition to take Kubrick as it's model, WOK settled for the considerably inferior Lucas.
. . a letdown.<br /><br />From the laughable Leno-esque chins to the lack of crucial voice-overs (which had worked SO WELL when you had Bryan Cranston voicing Jim Gordon in Batman:Year One), to the terrible fight animations to the terrible added dialogue .
 The cinematography is the strongest aspect of this movie.  You'll be transported into a beautiful Eden-esque valley that seems too good to be true.
While one might expect a Shatner-esque, over-the-top performance from Carrey, to which we've become accustomed in his comedic work, we are instead given a performance that is both subtle and remarkably powerful.
What do our memories look like if shown as a movie? Dali-esque, if Gondry is to be believed, complete with melting faces.
 To end on such a Pearl Harbor-esque romantic turn was a huge disappointment to me.
Agent 86 used a variety of Bond-esque devices, notably his shoe, which contained a phone and other doo-dads to help him get through each episode.
As you can imagine, the tension rises as everyone accuses everyone else of being an alien, and a Macarthy-esque hunt ensues.
But as much as City of God will disturb you, it's hard to not feel Meirelles's Scorsese-esque talent radiate from the screen (there are more than a few parallels to Goodfellas here).
Those looking for a Guinea Pig-esque experience will no doubt be grandly disappointed by all this.
Maybe. This film has PLENTY of each depicted in explicit, oozing, Burroughs-esque detail.
the voice of the prosecutor is done by John Vernon, the actor who portrayed Dean Wormer in Animal House), the EC-esque B-17 (aka Gremlins, which went through so many script revisions, it's a miracle it got finished at all), the bizarrely hilarious So Beautiful And So Dangerous (ok, maybe there's some truth to the juvenilia charges during this segment, but only a corpse could keep from laughing at this piece), and revenge scenario of Taarna (imagine a tougher, sexier version of Xena, only about a decade and a half earlier).
 They go from casual aquaintences to friends, then, thinking this is going to turn into a Fatal Attraction-esque movie, he decides to have a tryst with Aniston in a sleazy hotel room.
male witch).<p>The film is very Cthulhu-esque in its mood.
 Bravo to the filmmakers for casting Moore, who vividly portrayed the anguish and Odyssey-esque emotional journey of her character (whose name is Telly).
 Or, perhaps, nobody really knew what the truth was.  Here we had this huge surprise Shyamalan-esque styled ending, but I never really felt as if the actors were on the same page.
There is a distinctive "Miyazaki-esque" style to the visual designs of the leads, yet only Jean seems to emerge as a Miyazaki creation.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
I thought the picture quality was great despite some criticism here.<br /><br />The 1st disc has the traditional, Kafka-esque, post-modern genius that makes this one of the best sci-fi film ever.
The film offers the viewer a retro-esque future that mixes the past of the 40's, 50's, 60's and early 70's in one movie but in a brilliant kind of surreal and weird way that it's just scrumbcous like Ridley Scott's "Blade Runner" or Fritz Lang's "Metropolis".
And, contrary to what many "anime" fans believe, the movie IS NOT ANIME. It is an American sci-fi/fantasy-esque adventure flick.
The meltdown in Mousedom continues with this disappointing tripe.  Despite the Jules Verne-esque trappings and hints of Victorian elegance, this movie quickly descends into an embarassing, offensive, unlikely combination of "The Abyss" & "Musquito Coast.
 They are some combination of sluggish island people, fierce jungle fighters, and "Battlestar Galactica-esque" pre-historic technowizards.
Its a combination of Cops and ER which tries to elevate  itself into art with the Madonna-esque MTV video style footage - and  portentious voice overs, the result is terrible.
 In a major Hollywood movie?  <p>To take a Michael Moore-esque view on one final note, we see common thugs and low-lives with automatic weapons wounding and killing innocents, and never even question how such dangerous weapons got into their hands, but somehow this is justified  when a bunch of guys in black kill them off one by one.
 I gave it four stars out of five only because, although it is hilarious and so "Blamire-esque", it can't have that "new movie smell" that the original had.
As for Pierce Brosnan, well this is #3 for him so he's still as suave and Bond-esque with the action hero coming into play whenever he needs to.
Connery-esque!
 The apes inhabit a Flintstone-esque city and are divided into three different castes, the Orangutangs, who are the politicans and keepers of the faith, and seemingly the caste in absolute control, the Gorillas, whoa re the workers and the soldiers, and who seem to occupy the lowest position, and the Chimpanzees, who are the scientists and intellectuals.
 This is just a cleverly written, simply wonderful Agatha Christie-esque thriller with the added bonus of a very 70s kitsch factor - do not let yourself miss "The Last of Sheila"!
 The movie, as someone mentioned, AS USUAL, was "Hollywood-esqued" but still has a wonderful surprise ending.
 The same types of fade outs are used and the ending was shocking but in a sixth sense -esque way.
well, actually still looks pretty impressively Kraken-esque.
That is of course before her final transformation and once the fangs come into play, she resembles a Carly Simon-esque freakshow in need of serious dental work.
 This after his picture-esque Norman Rockwell-type family is uprooted by the kidnapping of his nine-year-old daughter.
to be fair, they were plagued by waterworld-esque weather and location problems, and at $200 million, you really just need to get the picture finished, because hey, no one's really happy that it cost that much in the first place.
to be fair, they were plagued by waterworld-esque weather and location problems, and at $200 million, you really just need to get the picture finished, because hey, no one's really happy that it cost that much in the first place.
 Leslie Nielsen plays the President in typical Airplane-esque fashion.
 Failing on potential, the Tarantino-esque violence could only carry him so far, and the rest was utter embarrassment.
Yet, somehow what I once thought impossible, without going cheesy, B-movie-esque with the whole production, was brought to an entertaining reality.
 Kitano is a darker, more sinister Zatoichi, and the action is a lot more Tarantino-esque.
poof! Fairy Godmother-esque move are pretty darn close to nil.
 Sinbad makes me love being a man.  Especially when his man-boobs bounch Baywatch-esque as he inexplicably runs away from undead pirates on an isle of mystery and undead pirates.
Suprisingly entertaining Giallo-esque modern phsychothriller.
 I could care less about the silly flash-esque games, the documentaries, storyboards, family game night features, sing-a-long, crap.
And, of course, the film has gore gore, violence violence. The film caters to fans of the Conan-esque genre (gritty violence, barbarian characters, bloody gore action) and, surprisingly, the heavy metal genre.
 <p>It's a great ride, too, with very Matrix-esque action sequences that pull you along at great speed, catapulting you into this "underground" world.
Do not be led astray by the excellently edited theatrical preview for this film, it is neither a successful Matrix-esque actioner nor a star-crossed romance pic.
That said, I still enjoyed the R&J-esque story, and how it combined the already connected lores.
After my second viewing of this film I figured I'd get around to writing a review. In an our-world noir-esque film, vampires and werewolves are in an age old war to defeat one or the another.
So far so good--you weren't expecting Bergman-esque psychological depth, were you?
 Whoa!  Then there's some Matrix-esque stuff that doesn't resemble the Matrix.
It's beautifully dark in the same way that parts of "Dark Crystal" and "Legend" are, the story isn't meant to be Bergman-esque(it's on the simple side,but entertaining), and FOR ONCE the CGI used is NOT overly-noticeable,choppy,and distracting!
 The president (a Clinton-esque Bill Bullman) calls upon military services to fight these creatures.
 To my delight, it was very thrilling and Hitchcock-esque in nature.
President when he becomes a contestant on "American Dreamz", and "American Idol"-esque talent show.
Bush in a deadpan manner. An absolutley stunning performance. As a Cheney-esque Cheif of Staff, William Dafoe is cruel and funny.
the New Testament.<p>While this has the classic Python-esque wry humor and satire, there's something a little more timid here.
I am somewhere in between the two. The films were well made and informative and were kind of documentary-esque.
This particular movie is not Harry Potter. It is Harry Potter-esque.
Harry is a suitably stroppy teenager, in fact really stroppy, and the whole plot seems to be fairly "woe is me"-esque.
The Bottom Line:<br /><br />The special effects are nifty and I guess the Chinatown-esque plot is kinda fun, but the gimmick ran stale for me after the first half hour and I wanted a bit more to fall back on than Hoskins' growling and Christopher Lloyd's scenery chewing; I can see why everyone else loves it, but I was not especially enthused.
 His fascination with the Garbo-esque youth is understandable, but the scenario takes us on endless journey that ultimately goes only .
It's the Giger-esque imagery that haunts the brain most here, and Scott's various tributes and nods to his filmic past make Prometheus a many-layered visual and mental splendor for cinephiles with patience, open minds and hungry eyes.
Universe-esque alien.
I thought it blended excellent elements of horror, suspense and amazing special effects into an incredible HR Giger-esque vision.
The decor and external design of the ship Prometheus looks suspiciously Nostromo-esque, David plays an almost identical role to Ash (and eventually meets a very similar end) and the film explores the same rape and childbirth-horror themes as did the original film.
And those writers? Oh geeze. Deus ex machina's ALL OVER the damn place. I especially love the Lucas-esque past, which is MORE advanced then the future?
However the (psuedo) tragic ending was nothing short of a betrayel. It seemed just like a cheap quasi-Tarantino-esque mechanism.
<p>From the opening credits, in which the company performs the rousing, gospel-esque &#65533;How Shall I See You Through My Tears&#65533; to the end, when they dance through their own rendition of &#65533;The Want of a Nail,&#65533; it is this group of talented youngsters who make the movie come alive.
 The filmmakers could have given every scene a glossy, Hollywood-esque finish, and consequently make the film more palatable for kids and mainstream movie-going audiences, but doing that would likely downplay the realism essential to identifying with characters and making the story believable.
 The DVDs are mindless, way over-acted, Barney-esque entertainment with very little education.
As a kid in the 1960's, I watched the Speed Racer cartoon a lot. It was an odd show, with a kerchief'd Pollyanna-esque main character navigating his way through hyper-exaggerated explosions and fist-fights with the Mob.
 Which is not to say IN THE LEAST that this is a silly or kid-only film.  Despite the mega-doses of Matrix-esque flash and dash, this is a great family film that has some serious heart to it, and which I feel was horribly maligned by the critics and movie-goers who weren't ready for what they were going to see and either couldn't or wouldn't go with the flow.
 Probably the most appropriate scene using bad language was between Vivi and Teensie during a "chicken-esque" car scene.
The Bottom Line:<br /><br />Though the ending feels somewhat Twilight Zone-esque and doesn't measure up to the rest of the screenplay, this is by and large an exceptionally well-written and acted movie that hurtles through its 138 minute running length and hardly feels a bit dated.
The cheap looking quality made it look almost documentary-esque, as if you're right there with them.
Though the movie ends with a more Spielberg-esque ending than the book, the conclusion still left me in tears.
Okay, so the Epcot-esque finale is more fromage than homage, and is remniscent of the touchy-feely, ending of THE ABYSS.
But the ultimate booby prize goes to BARB WIRE. And what boobies! From the opening FLASHDANCE-esque strip club routine, in which millions of gallons of water are sprayed onto heroine Pamela Anderson's bared casabas, Barb Wire is a perky paean to the wonders of silicone.
My only two complaints were that the actor playing the grandson seemed like he was trying for Heath Ledger-esque - not bad but not lacking originality and the the actor portraying the restaurateur fiancee overemoted his excitement a bit too much, in my opinion.
 Why does the film become detrimentally Disney-esque in Scottie's risible nightmare sequence?
Anderson's Event Horizon.<br /><br />In all the film shoes great potential and I suspect that if not for the horror-esque twist for the final quarter of the picture, Sunshine would eventually find favor with the science fiction community at large as perhaps one of the most underrated pieces to come out of London, or for that matter, anywhere.
A few early shots which weave through shadowy corridors and dance about dimly lit Giger-esque passageways immediately foreshadow ominous events.
Although the initial aspirations of "Sunshine" are lost in its B-movie, slasher-esque finale, the film does tie up nicely.
But we found that after a few weeks we were still thinking about it. It has a great Alien-esque feel.
A few early shots which weave through shadowy corridors and dance about dimly lit Giger-esque passageways immediately foreshadow ominous events.
 The cast does a great job of setting the mood and none of it feels lame or B-movie-esque.
Still, the Zombie-esque finale doesn't quite fit.
There's also plenty of variety to be had, with the magical fancy of "Interior Design", godzilla-esque destruction in "Merde" and the quirky humor of "Shaking Tokyo".
Sure, he has his share of American Pie-esque moments (an affair with his coach's wife rings a bell), but it's the bulk of the emotion of the film that falls on him.
 Minimal swearing, not in-your-face, over the top and constant sexuality, simulated comic-book-esque violence make this a show for most viewers.
 The comics style for the X-men-esque genre is fresh.
 It's mostly huge amounts of badly pasted together flashback with overly fatuous and Murder She Wrote-esque commentary from Mrs Druse as she 'reveals all' before they go off to fight the baddies (an extremely Stephen King typical fight it is, too).
<p>Despite all these flaws, I really enjoyed this movie. The story is fascinating and moving, and The Sixth Sense-esque approach to depict Nash's schizophrenia from his point of view worked very well.
<p>Despite all these flaws, I really enjoyed this movie. The story is fascinating and moving, and The Sixth Sense-esque approach to depict Nash's schizophrenia from his point of view worked very well.
 His fascination with the Garbo-esque youth is understandable, but the scenario takes us on endless journey that ultimately goes only .
James Mason at his Nemo-esque best with Jack Cardiff thrown in for good measure.
 Absolutely.  If you are expecting, however, a nail-biting thriller or a creepy X-Files-esque mystery, you won't really find it.
 The actress who plays the hooker has the porno-esque name of Boti Bliss, yet this nobody is too good to take off her top in a movie?
 They were under some tremdous pressure to do the film I understand.  When it comes to crude, John Waters-esque humor, I usually find it more amusing than I do funny.
Oddly enough, the Bladerunner-esque buildings throughout the movie also help to establish the feeling of urgency, and the sensation of teetering on the edge of something great, something that we cannot possibly understand.
 They go from casual aquaintences to friends, then, thinking this is going to turn into a Fatal Attraction-esque movie, he decides to have a tryst with Aniston in a sleazy hotel room.
 Its about the scenery, the cool acting, the cool action, etc.  Its not that the movie has any David Lynch-esque surreal plots, its just that once you understand what is going on (and the plot twists are a big part of the movie), you'll likely say a very noncomittal, "oh.
All in all, great for Bey/Bruckheimer-esque entertainment, but horrible in everything else.
 Sounded like good old Kaufmann-esque fun to me.
Don't get me wrong though, there is plenty of gore and violence to go around, I'm talking Tarintino-esque violence too!
The characters, scenes and even the acting are all very graphic novel/comicbook-esque.
(see the recurring theme here?)<p>The filmmakers seem to be shooting for some kind of Coen-esque story line, but what one gets is a confused mish-mash of scenes that never really come together, yet nevertheless culminate in a Hollywood ending that tells us "Since he's found love, all the neuroses, denial and depression he's spent a lifetime accumulating will now magically go away".
The film has been categorized as Tarantino-esque.
The film has been categorized as Tarantino-esque.
 He takes up ship with a group of escaped convicts: the Worf-esque Luxan warrior D'Argo, the Delvian (and very blue - literally) anarchist priest Zhaan, the deposed Hynerian ruler Rygel, and the outcast Peacekeeper Aeryn.
 The visuals in the movie are very 1970s-esque - especially the lighting - which stays in perfect stride with the time period.
He made me flinch everytime he delivered his lines. The rest of the cast was 'high school production-esque'--  I especially liked the trampy girlfriend.
Sure. But they didn't detract from the overall experience, which was a very cool mix of a suspenseful, rock-opera-esque plot line and some gorgeous music.
This is not a happy film, and there is no Hollywood-esque upbeat ending.
The annoying Disney-esque familiar to our villain, Rasputan, is an obnoxious little white bat (which channels Iago from Aladdin) who inexplicably moves from being a sinister and vindictive side-kick to an unwilling and disinterested participant to his master's evil scheme.
Wagner added Tristan-esque chromatic harmonies to a fundamentally diatonic score, which some musicians find a bit jarring.
 Nair could have pulled a Gandhi-esque moment for us by countering the horrible acting with beautiful images of India.
There are some clever Tarantino-esque time shifting editting techniques that add to the sense of a jigsaw puzzle of plot elements ultimately coming together to a cohesive ending, of sorts, that is satisfying and frustrating at the same time.
 I will agree with the others of the Hitchcock-esque, it's one of those movies where you should pay attention so as not to miss the most minute detail.
Strangelove-esque.
 Make no mistake the revolting peasants were not a mass of Ghandi-esque passive resisters, and he'd already issued two calls for them to bring the revolt to a peaceful end before he finally endorsed the Princes taking control by force.
 They go from casual aquaintences to friends, then, thinking this is going to turn into a Fatal Attraction-esque movie, he decides to have a tryst with Aniston in a sleazy hotel room.
 Kiefer Sutherland's Peter Lorre-esque dialogue is kind of annoying, but you get used to it, and it's interesting to see him so vulnerable and weak, like Bruce Willis in "12 Monkeys" or Denzel Washington in "The Manchurian Candidate (2004)".
 Rufus Sewell, Jennifer Connoly, and William Hurt are more than passable, and Kiefer Sutherland's perfomance as a Lorre-esque psychologist must be seen to be believed.
I wanted to like this movie. I really did. Edgy Barry Levinson-esque camerawork, some truly funny moments, an A-list cast who must have worked for scale, the whole nine yards.
<p>I guess 'Harold and Maude' plays on '60s-esque themes of turning maverick, challenging societal moulds, denouncing materialism.
About a half-dozen escapees from a Siberian prison set off on a Cacciatto-esque hike to someplace, anyplace that will have them (China?
No excessive cursing or underlying sexual innuendos. Just silly, predictable, goofy Adam Sandler-esque humor.
Nightmares, hello! He appears in an almost Adam & Eve-esque scenario.
 The Kill-Bill-esque animated scene is neat but still not needed.
Cinematically, it's done in kind of a Sofia Coppola-esque way.
Brazil belongs to a tradition that include both the Kafka-esque & the Monty Python-esque.
 And really, that's all you can ask for.<br /><br />Set in the not-so-distant future, a very Palin-esque United States President sends a new mission to the moon.
the New Testament.<p>While this has the classic Python-esque wry humor and satire, there's something a little more timid here.
The conclusion seems almost sit-com-esque in a sudden reconciliation of several relationships, which seems a disservice to the characters.
It works  well - location footage in Scotland and lots and lots of smoke give the  production an 'Exclaibur'-esque look of grim and gritty reality, and this  is what sticks in the mind after the film is over.
But as much as City of God will disturb you, it's hard to not feel Meirelles's Scorsese-esque talent radiate from the screen (there are more than a few parallels to Goodfellas here).
The clever way it was filmed, which was quite  Blair Witch Project-esque (but in a classy way), brings you into the  action.
Jimbob" in these pages) that this is a modern Kurosawa-esque film.
After displaying their emotion, they walk back into the pedestrian-esque march of people.
It has a lot of sorround effects specially in the beggining with the  'Matrix'-esque "girl with bomb explodes" sequence.
After displaying their emotion, they walk back into the pedestrian-esque march of people.
And, of course, the film has gore gore, violence violence. The film caters to fans of the Conan-esque genre (gritty violence, barbarian characters, bloody gore action) and, surprisingly, the heavy metal genre.
 If you like Love Stories, then buy this movie.  Crouching Tiger has it all. Drama, matrix-esque fight scenes.
 If you are looking for a slapstick Jackie Chan-esque martial arts fun-fest in the vein of Drunken Master, this IS NOT your movie.
I wanted to like this movie. I really did. Edgy Barry Levinson-esque camerawork, some truly funny moments, an A-list cast who must have worked for scale, the whole nine yards.
 He spends approximately 80% of the film, making exaggerated "all work and no play..."-esque faces.
But there's a decent amount of Adam Sandler-esque slapstick comedy bits to be entertaining.
 Don't go into this movie expecting a warm and fuzzy Kate and Leopold-esque feeling, but do expect to root for Bullock at least over her sleazy adversary.
 This is really a dialogue driven show, and although the action is good as well, it is written in a Wheaton-esque style that, if you are a fan of Buffy, you will dig.
Ironically, music from Danny Elfman also succeeds in giving this film that sort of superhero, Burton Batman-esque feel as well, which is a strange coincidence considering they were all made around the same period, but with vastly different reception.
Actually, this is pretty much the whole movie. David Cronenberg's Matrix-esque film was one of the many cyberpunk films of 1999, among &quot;The Matrix,&quot; &quot;The Thirteenth Floor,&quot; and &quot;Menno's Mind.
Some of the scenes where they are driving down to Mexico are very Hunter S. Thompson-esque.
 Some of Woods and Belushi's banter is Jerry Seinfeld and Larry David-esque.
a Buddy Holly-like fighter figure trudges thru a Mad Max like carnage, meeting Terry Gilliam-esque & THe Warriors wannabe enemies.
 You come to enjoy characters quickly, and unfortunately in many cases watch them fall.  The battles are very Gladiator-esque (for obvious reasons) but they take nothing away, merely enhancing the choas of all out war.
Very artsy. Kafka-esque plot about paranoia and insanity.
But that's about as comedic as this gets. Too much of the cute kids acting like adults. This was almost Disney-esque in its forced sweetness.
This film is as Burton-esque as BEETLEJUICE, EDWARD SCISSORHANDS and BATMAN RETURNS (and everything else that Burton has done).
Frankenstein. Shelley Duvall and Daniel Stern play his very Leave It To Beaver-esque parents.
But that's about as comedic as this gets. Too much of the cute kids acting like adults. This was almost Disney-esque in its forced sweetness.
Warhol was trying to do.<br /><br />I even get the whole "Let's-make-fun-of-all-the-has-been-Hollywood-Lana-Turner-esque-bimbos" out there.
It wants to be an action, sci-fi adventure, family drama set in prehistoric earth with a Lost-esque mystery ever looming in the background.
The problem is in the execution. This series wants to be a plot-heavy, gritty, authentic "Game of Thrones"-esque story, but it's actually more of a silly, anachronistic BCC "Robin Hood" (complete with multiculturalism and modern feminism, which makes it doubly ridiculous).
The problem is in the execution. This series wants to be a plot-heavy, gritty, authentic "Game of Thrones"-esque story, but it's actually more of a silly, anachronistic BCC "Robin Hood" (complete with multiculturalism and modern feminism, which makes it doubly ridiculous).
Everyone is extremely Barbie-esque - perfect posture, perfect hair, perfect nails, perfect smiles, all while wearing back-breaking high-heel shoes.
The gang returns in "Truth," which is a soap opera-esque sequel to the original that started it all.
 I did appreciate those piano passages that reached beyond simplistic ballad-esque progressions, approaching moods not usually encountered in this genre.
 The DVDs are mindless, way over-acted, Barney-esque entertainment with very little education.
 In 2004, Rob Thomas' Chandler-esque take on high school hit UPN (and later the CW) as "<a href="http://www.
 It's a surreal and haunting work of art:  the lighting, the faces, the music, editing, the Hammett-esque dialog.
Yes, this is a low-budget movie.  Yes, at first it just seems like another hackneyed, pre-chewed, slow-moving, Disney-esque movie about an artistic kid with high aspirations but only a family of shallow self-absorbed, 2-dimensional characters for support.
 The president (a Clinton-esque Bill Bullman) calls upon military services to fight these creatures.
(Hey, it may just be the best film Tor ever appeared in.)<p>The somewhat Woolrich-esque plot has to do with a carefree detective teaming up with a pretty Bette Davis looking newspaper reporter to scope out the whereabouts of a wanted criminal called The Judge.
The standout of King's Four Past Midnight was the Twilight Zone-esque, The Langoliers, a very good entry into the time-twister category in an otherwise uneven collection of four King novellas.
As fate would have it, a handsome Robin Hood-esque young man named Flynn Rider is attempting to escape the guards at the Royal Palace, and naturally happens upon Rapunzel's tower while Gothel is gone.
They just need to ramp up the creative juices and come up with the next "Little Mermaid"-esque hit.
Eventually, he settles his differences in a Fight Club-esque manner -- which is more ridiculous than it sounds -- in order to make way for some more subplots that make absolutely no sense and go nowhere.
evil), and comes out on top (he turns out good)! He is the quintessiantal human character, "Odyssey-esque" (as old Cock used to say), an everyman for today.
Any fool can guess what the outcome of this CINDERELLA-esque story will be.
By the end of the day...so much 80's-esque zany comedic situation has occurred you won't believe it.
S plays an ex-FBI agent who had to retire for various Dirty Harry-esque actions/brutality.
Its dialogue is fast and quick, kind of "Juno"-esque.
Its dialogue is fast and quick, kind of "Juno"-esque.
 It is often overlooked and is a World War II-esque spin on the classic.
There is no way that the Duke of York would have uttered a string of Disney-esque verbiage.
 Bruce Willis is wonderful as the Rambo-esque superguy who outwits, outplays, and outlasts the heavily-armed killers, and reveals just enough of his tender side to endear his character to the audience.
Most of his lines are not funny in themselves. But the way he says them...<p>Some viewers may not like the very Sixties-esque camera work or the overblown music, but the film would suffer without them.
And to my parents credit; they never once did that Zoolander-esque mug at the camera like he does after he finishes whatever abortion of Louis C.
The religious presence of a Catholic-esque Church is especially intriguing.
 I guess in the film the future doesn't seem so future-esque.
You may pleasantly be surprised. People that enjoy Corman-esque films may give this a higher rating yet I believe that it is trying excessively hard to be campy.
You may pleasantly be surprised. People that enjoy Corman-esque films may give this a higher rating yet I believe that it is trying excessively hard to be campy.
You may pleasantly be surprised. People that enjoy Corman-esque films may give this a higher rating yet I believe that it is trying excessively hard to be campy.
Jonathan Glazer's Sexy Beast. (The only other exceptions would be Gangster No.1 and Guy Ritchie's own highly Lock Stock-esque Snatch).
Ella also manages to help a dentist who wants to becomes a composer, and a Brando-esque teen actor achieve status.
Throw in a disgruntled Jabba-esque Scotsman who knows just the wrong things to say, and a few especially nasty gross-out moments (Austin drinking an ersatz cup o&#8217; joe, and the infamous tent scene), and you have a little something for everybody!
Lacks the detecting and deliciously Poe-esque tone of Ritchie's first Sherlock.
I especially enjoy his voice, which despite relying a bit heavily on a stereotypical Chappelle-esque crack tone, still utilizes the colourful mumbles and lazy eloquence that have served Def well as an MC.
16 Blocks is a relatively predictable 48 Hours-esque picture, but it kept me glued for the full length of the film.
 I'm not going to whine about how the end just didn't tie it all in together. I'm not going to complain about the MTV-esque version of &quot;Wise Up&quot; in the middle of the film.
 Because I knew of the multiple storylines, i expected something tarantino-esque with something that tied together neatly.
Lector look like a Sesame Street character. Bale's cold, charismatic, misogynist turn is riveting. His James Bondian-esque face changes to the devilish mask with the reptilian eyes so rapidly, that your blood would freeze.
Whereas Travis Bickle (DeNiro) had an almost innocent, Holden Caulfield-esque outlook on life and the drive to be a heroic figure that saves the world, Patrick Bateman sees the world as an extension of his "greed and disgust".
 Kiefer Sutherland's Peter Lorre-esque dialogue is kind of annoying, but you get used to it, and it's interesting to see him so vulnerable and weak, like Bruce Willis in "12 Monkeys" or Denzel Washington in "The Manchurian Candidate (2004)".
 Rufus Sewell, Jennifer Connoly, and William Hurt are more than passable, and Kiefer Sutherland's perfomance as a Lorre-esque psychologist must be seen to be believed.
 This film explores whatever happened to hot James Dean-esque rock `n' roller, Eddie Wilson, after he mysteriously vanished in 1964.
 Speaking of make-up, why no one else recognizes Eddie (upon shaving off his Robert Goulet-esque moustache) before the climactic confrontations with Sal Amato and then Lou Eisen is simply a gross lapse in basic logic.
When an important executive of the NASA-esque company where Hawke works is murdered, he becomes the prime suspect when an eyelash of his is identifed during the police investigation.
Granted, Gattaca certainly tries to be all things to all people - it sells itself variously as a Philip K. Dick-esque sci-fi, as a Tense Political Thriller, an Edgy Romance, even as a Rumination on Filial Love and Obligation - but in my book it fails badly on every count.
David Lynch's take on Dune is nothing short of pretty darn good. It definitely gets weird (a.k.a. David Lynch-esque) in places, but overall the feel and tone of the movie are wonderful.
 Instead of the majestic and ambitious 2001-esque Star Trek: The Motion Picture, with it's so Roddenberry-esque tale of different life forms communicating, understanding and actually combining, we have big spaceships firing laser weapons at each other and plenty of boring running, jumping and falling down - if TMP had the ambition to take Kubrick as it's model, WOK settled for the considerably inferior Lucas.
This movie is the best movie ever made.  This movie is filled with memeorable quotes, including Father Ridley's sermon-esque opinions about VD.
The creatures in this movie are quite HP Lovecraft-esque as they are all done by animatronics rather then CGI and the gore effects are so over the top such as the eyeball ripping sequence for instance that you'll need an umbrella to prevent more blood from spilling.
Solid grimy bluesy rnb/soul, with a Stevie Wonder-esque clapping break, but nothing remarkable.
 However it should be noted that this episode marks the debut of Lt. Pavel Chekov in his ridiculous Monkee-esque wig.
Yes, Tennenbaums has obviously been compared to Rushmore, but I found it more &quot;Magnolia-esque&quot; in humor and almost as artistically filmed as Vertical Ray of the Sun.
This movie is a mix of 'fake' sci-fi, as Tim Allen and his cast are actually just actors in a Star Trek-esque show, but there are real aliens in here who view that show as historical documents and thus seek out the Galaxy Quest cast for aid.
 Tim Allen really breaks out of his stand-up/sitcom persona and plays a Shatner-esque role.
She really embraces her inner bimbo and has fun. Tim Allen as a Shatner-esque is a win!
 Her dad was an old pothead and very Willie-esque in his way, so I think that made it extra funny for her.
 Its complex premise  is filled with incessant experimentation, with documentary-esque techniques used to set the gears in motion before resorting to more traditional cinema.
Each of them represents a philosophy. Vernita Green is the repentant killer; O-Ren is the megalomaniacal, Caligula-esque nihilist; Budd is a fatalistic, quiet nihilist; Elle is ambitious, cruel and spiteful.
Fun and Tarantino-esque, but wait for the special ed.
I could have done without the bad humor or the Jurassic Park-esque baby Godzilla side story, but I kinda like this Godzilla.
 In a Hemingway-esque turn, they all die in one way or another for a stupid wooden bridge.
 Changing the style to match the elements and regions is an imaginative idea.<br /><br />The martial arts-esque moves that they do to control the elements are just plain cool!
 The apes inhabit a Flintstone-esque city and are divided into three different castes, the Orangutangs, who are the politicans and keepers of the faith, and seemingly the caste in absolute control, the Gorillas, whoa re the workers and the soldiers, and who seem to occupy the lowest position, and the Chimpanzees, who are the scientists and intellectuals.
 It's that Gilliam-esque mastery of the absurd; treat it as if it happens  every day.
 The 7  1/2 floor is almost &quot;Gilliam-esque&quot;- in fact, when I first saw  the preview I assumed it was Terry Gilliam's (Brazil, 12 Monkeys) newest  film.
Like The American President, this is another Capra-esque story, but here the addition of an average guy put into the Presidential role is a kind of flattery to the audience -yes, we think, we could do that as well.
 I could care less about the silly flash-esque games, the documentaries, storyboards, family game night features, sing-a-long, crap.
 He soon abondons his Kafka-esque existence and stops going to work, dumps his nagging b**tch of a girlfriend, and gets the courage to ask out a disgruntled waitress (Aniston).
 Aside from capturing the grittiness of Prohibition-era life, as opposed to the overly clean _Chicago_-esque images, this is an intellectual and emotional gangster film.
 While it is emotional to watch the love story unfold, the eye-candy battle sequences, and the picture-esque view of Scotland, there seemed to be a lacking "meat" to this story.
A beautiful stark film. An amazing story, almost Disney-esque about young heroines refusing to accept their fate.
Don't get me wrong though, there is plenty of gore and violence to go around, I'm talking Tarintino-esque violence too!
The characters, scenes and even the acting are all very graphic novel/comicbook-esque.
He's straight gangsta, yo.<br /><br />While the Rear Window-esque voyeur element is rather inspired, nothing else in the film really is.
This film tells a powerful story, a "Crime and Punishment"-esque recovery of the soul, except without the ending that Dostoevsky had in his novel.
They lost the meaning and it proved to be a typical Twilight Zone-esque horror movie without much intellectual content.
Now 19 years later the nightmares have resurfaced, but this time he awakens with a Freddy Krueger-esque slash mark on his hand that won't heal.
From the moment I first saw the trailer, I laughed, a lot. Filled with silly, "Austin Powers"-esque comedy, there were a lot of jokes packed in that trailer and the movie delivers more of the same.
They outwit the zombie-esque populous at every turn in subtle and not so subtle ways.
 xXx uses a plethora of James Bond-esque type gadgets and excellorates them using X-Treme sports.
 If you like Love Stories, then buy this movie.  Crouching Tiger has it all. Drama, matrix-esque fight scenes.
 If you are looking for a slapstick Jackie Chan-esque martial arts fun-fest in the vein of Drunken Master, this IS NOT your movie.
Plus, he had a really dodgy Steven Segal-esque ponytail.
the bus ride,  the post office, the climactic MAN WHO KNEW TOO MUCH-esque ballet sequence and the fight in the cottage.
The Bottom Line:<br /><br />Though the ending feels somewhat Twilight Zone-esque and doesn't measure up to the rest of the screenplay, this is by and large an exceptionally well-written and acted movie that hurtles through its 138 minute running length and hardly feels a bit dated.
 Yet Marilyn does not want to be worshiped, only loved and respected, and both seem beyond her reach.  Her Lindsay Lohan-esque antics aggravate her colleagues, and her new husband-- playwright Arthur Miller-- condescends to her and secretly wishes he had never married Marilyn.
 It does have a dark 'Fargo-esque' quality to it (and I enjoyed the movie Fargo), but it is in no way funny.
 The acting is generally good with Cohen-esque strange characters.
the bumbling yet well-intentioned crooks in over their heads, the Preston Sturges-esque pace, the oddball yet strangely intellectual dialogue which only they can write in quite that way.
It has a lot of sorround effects specially in the beggining with the  'Matrix'-esque "girl with bomb explodes" sequence.
Jackson is certainly eye opening enough, but beyond it's exploitation-esque gloss, Black Snake Moan is a surprisingly heartfelt and even touching excursion from Hustle & Flow writer/director Craig Brewer.
 He took a smart comic premise and peppered in some solid doses of Sam Raimi-esque gore.
In a Pacino/DeNiro-esque face-off, Wong and Sam smugly challenge each other to find their respective moles.
This is a brilliantly conceived Michael Mann-esque police drama.
Ironically, music from Danny Elfman also succeeds in giving this film that sort of superhero, Burton Batman-esque feel as well, which is a strange coincidence considering they were all made around the same period, but with vastly different reception.
Either way, you'll either be severely depressed or immensely amused by what transpires, from the Lifetime-esque opening credits to the painfully bad showdown in the end.
 Ending the Cold War and nuclear arms is an important message  -- too bad the campy sixties-style Batman-esque flick doesn't carry it well.
This is a story about finding your niche in life. Kind of a fairy tale-esque plot,  wonderfully presented.
 New Orleans of course, but also WWI & WWII, France, New York, the Florida Keys, Russia, Pitt's post-college-esque journey around the world; any person who likes culture and travel would enjoy it.
 Both are told in flashback format (this film just adds the Titanic-esque "old lady" twist instead of having the protagonist narrate his own story), as well as delve into themes too numerous to sort out after just one viewing.
Romero-esque and entertaining!
 He has zero, and I mean no chemistry with the barbie-esque Christie, who only needs a gingham dress to remind me of one of the gals from Petticoat Junction.
Also, catch Melissa Joan Hart the Dee Dees, a tempting pair of Harley Quinn-esque teen villains.
 TRAINING DAY is a film with no special effects, no colorful cinematography, and no Picasso-esque art direction - just a movie that slaps you upside the hide from start to finish, with two powerhouse performances that stay with you long after the closing credits.
As for the film itself - by now, everyone knows that it's a Campbell-esque &quot;hero's journey&quot; dressed up as a gothic horror/suspense yarn.
It's refreshing, original and daring.<br /><br />What a shame that the William Powell-esque debonair, witty actor no longer has a place in modern cinema.
I actually enjoyed the fact that Trinity took on a sort of Shaft-esque vibe, especially in the opening sequence where Blade emerges from the fire and the camera freezes at various points in the action during the credits, very much like what you'd see in a 70's blaxpoitation film.
If not for the PG-13 rating, G.I. Joe-esque "laser bullets," and occasional moments of cheese and campiness, I'd probably be so bold as to consider this "quintessential" for action junkies.
 Stratham demonstrates his kick-boxing talents and makes mush out of anyone who crosses him.  But it's the suave, Bond-esque manner in which his character conducts his "business" that makes this a really cool flick.
Just wasted $3.99 on this video. Highschool-esque actors, recycled Lord-of-the-Rings props, road movie storyline.
Just wasted $3.99 on this video. Highschool-esque actors, recycled Lord-of-the-Rings props, road movie storyline.
Kurt, in a  very Peter-Parker-esque maneuver, gets the entire contents of a  mega-computer's memory (and cognitive abilities) instantly downloaded into  his teenaged human brain during a rainstorm.
The movie turns into a whodunnit of sorts, but without resorting to "Scream"-esque cliches.
There's Casey (Elijah Wood), the Steven King-esque nerd, Delilah (Jordana Brewster) the cheerleader/newspaper editor, Stan (Shawn Hatosy) the jock who wants to focus on his grades, Stokely (Clea DuVall) the goth, possibly a lesbian and the fountain of all knowledge on science fiction, Mary Beth (Laura Harris) the new girl from Atlanta, and Zeke (Josh Hartnett) the bad-boy who's the school's local drug dealer.
 Dialogue, as always for Scorsese, is great with some of Nicholson's lines being Tarantino-esque.
 This movie tries too hard to be like other movies.  From the beginning long shot with Nicholson voice-over to the Joker-esque facial musings, Matt Damon sounding like he just stepped off the Good Will Hunting set, it was just kind of sad.
 Or maybe it's the Percy-esque element of his films.
 Minelli can sing her ass off, there's no disputing that,  and her diva-esque Sally is an interesting interpretation.
But there's a decent amount of Adam Sandler-esque slapstick comedy bits to be entertaining.
Oddly enough, the Bladerunner-esque buildings throughout the movie also help to establish the feeling of urgency, and the sensation of teetering on the edge of something great, something that we cannot possibly understand.
 Panned by most critics, I actually found this film to be extremely witty with a Wes Anderson-esque type of dry martini humor.
 Needless to say, I loved this movie despite its numerous 80s-esque classic action movie flaws.
I could have done without the bad humor or the Jurassic Park-esque baby Godzilla side story, but I kinda like this Godzilla.
The 2nd nightclub scene and the Bond-esque gadget scene brought a smile to me :)<p>- There are 2 commentaries, and I've only seen the one with Snipes and Del Toro, and it proved forgettable.
 And of course Rob Reiner's Capra-esque moment is Shepard fighting back at the end, defending his membership of the ACLU and the rights of his girlfriend to burn flags.
Escher-esque set designs.
Yes, Tennenbaums has obviously been compared to Rushmore, but I found it more &quot;Magnolia-esque&quot; in humor and almost as artistically filmed as Vertical Ray of the Sun.
While this may not have the glamour of a Bond-esque spy adventure, this will certainly be regarded as an important and possibly classic spy movie.
Those of you who don't get the whole Python-esque humor won't appreciate this either.
As the opening Addams Family-esque credits by Pablo Ferro rolled over blatant love scenes between planes and phallic missiles and meadow lark love scene music trickled to my ears, I knew I was in for a treat.
There is the Versace-esque Italian designer (Paul Sirvino) who must face health and family crises.
Alas, Roger became too old and went.<br />Dalton brought another Bond, more fleming-esque.
As Reggie, Shavar Ross also adds a welcome spot of cultural diversity to the cast, although his character's Prince-esque brother Demon (Miguel A.
 In its place are a few ill-matched diary-esque insights amidst a series of odd (a Thai prison, are you kidding me?
Its a combination of Cops and ER which tries to elevate  itself into art with the Madonna-esque MTV video style footage - and  portentious voice overs, the result is terrible.
Ironically, music from Danny Elfman also succeeds in giving this film that sort of superhero, Burton Batman-esque feel as well, which is a strange coincidence considering they were all made around the same period, but with vastly different reception.
You would expect the Toto guys to make sure this was the case. Highlights are Africa, Rosanna (with a funky "little feat-esque" breakdown at the end), Hold The Line.
<p>It's brilliant.<p>Gyllenhaal plays Jimmy Livingston, the three sttoges-esque flip side of John Travolta's Tod Lubtich (the main character of smarmy 1976 made-for-TV movie The Boy in the Plastic Bubble).
 Director Rick Rosenthal (who directed the latest Halloween: Resurrection) decided to go without most of the cat & mouse-esque Carpenter style suspense of the first film, opting instead to make the film much more graphic than the original.
 Large explosions and violence countered with a sneaky Sneakers-esque style subplot overshadowed the plot.
Javier Bardem steals the show here as a zombie-esque bad guy who kills people with a cattle gun as he stalks Josh Brolin who has Bardem's $2 million from a drug deal gone bad.
Javier Bardem steals the show here as a zombie-esque bad guy who kills people with a cattle gun as he stalks Josh Brolin who has Bardem's $2 million from a drug deal gone bad.
(He deserves the compliment of 'Kubrick-esque' for this work.
The city becomes something of an "Omega Man-esque" metroscape where everything is available for the taking but lurking in the darkness wait the afflicted ready to attack.
And it doesn`t end there. Then the movie becomes very Tarintino-esque, and from there, a bit of western style violence (ie: Desperado).
McQuarrie is clearly a movie junkie.  This is evident by his Peckinpah-esque story arc and settings and his pair of anti-heroes; the John Woo-esque excessive gunplay, the subsequent and frequent showers of bullets, and the limitless supply of people to kill, and guns to kill them with; and the Quentin Tarantino-esque self-conscious subversion of the genre.
Gone are the chatty hitmen and pop culture references that make movies truly &quot;Tarantino-esque,&quot; and make rip-offs of &quot;Dogs&quot; like &quot;Truth And Consequences, N.
Jamal soon learns that the old man is William Forrester, a J.D. Salinger-esque novelist who wrote one widely acclaimed novel (think "Catcher In The Rye") and then disappeared from public view.
 He's perfect as the boozing J.D. Salinger-esque recluse, a man who can dominate a room by just raising one of his disheveled eyebrows.
But for those wanting to experience something a little different- a Hollywood-esque attempt at a history lesson with some tango, pop, and theatre thrown in, EVITA may be the movie for you.
 If you're a film fan, and genuinely enjoy horror (which doesn't rely on overdone special effects - think Blair Witch-esque - not in style, but in scaring the pants off of you without costing a fortune to make), rent this.
 Aside from capturing the grittiness of Prohibition-era life, as opposed to the overly clean _Chicago_-esque images, this is an intellectual and emotional gangster film.
 The president (a Clinton-esque Bill Bullman) calls upon military services to fight these creatures.
its..."mature" aspects. No there's no sex but there's some small amounts of violence(don't worry, nothing Sleepy Hollow-esque here).
i can say various things about why i love this movie, but most importantly i think is the hitchcock-esque atmoshpere and the dark alien underworld alongside the innocent down to earth relationship between kyle's and laura's characters play a lot on how a person will view the film.
Gondry's efforts (the refreshingly old-fashioned "Human Behaviour", the Gilliam-esque "Army Of Me", the timeless black-and-white hues of "Isobel", the colour explosions of "Hyperballad", the sweeping "Joga" and the filmic saga of "Bachelorette") are amazing in their evocation of colour and storytelling, and cement greater things to expect from the Frenchman, who went on to make "Human Nature" with Patricia Arquette, Rhys Ifans and Tim Robbins.
 Instead of the majestic and ambitious 2001-esque Star Trek: The Motion Picture, with it's so Roddenberry-esque tale of different life forms communicating, understanding and actually combining, we have big spaceships firing laser weapons at each other and plenty of boring running, jumping and falling down - if TMP had the ambition to take Kubrick as it's model, WOK settled for the considerably inferior Lucas.
 The songs are cute and Disney-esque, and Alice's adventures inspire all of the many imaginative people out in the world.
This is a gorgeous fantasy epic with a hefty dose of Monty Python-esque comedy thrown in for good measure.
 The cast is pretty close to all star including Robin Williams, Uma Thurman as a Botticelli-esque Venus, John Neville and even Terry Gilliam himself.
Re: The Corinth Version<br /><br />Upon beginning Welles' epic Inception-esque neo-noir of a power-hungry man using the dredges of the world as his puppets, the average cinemaphile may become disillusioned.
 It was even better the second viewing, where one can sink into performances such as Jeremy Renner's Cagney-esque bravado, and the subtle nuances of Affleck's self-direction as Doug McCray.
In the Italian horror films I've seen I'm typically treated to either a Goblin soundtrack, or a Goblin-esque soundtrack.
Lovecraft-esque  Italian supernatural horror thriller from Lucio Fulci is one of his greatest and coolest movies ever.
 And having seen both versions, I can assure you that the additional rainbow really brings out the Tim Burton-esque zaniness that the movie tries to achieve.
it's the first sequel since "Halloween II" to get "The Shape" right! Armed once again with a creepy William Shatner-esque mask (which is actually achieved through a combination of 5 different masks and some CGI effects), a lithe build and quick, methodical body movement, "The Shape" is looking and acting more like his old eerie/ghostly self than he has in years.
If you like Tim Burtons work, you will appreciate the skewed perspectives, the painted sets, and the Edward Scissorhads-esque "Somnambulist".
With bold, "Pee-Wee's Playhouse"-like doors, Burton-esque buildings, and a dream-like town, director Robert Wiene (along with his set designer and cinematographer) was well beyond the 1900s.
 Look at the SPACE MARINE board and video games, and read past HEAVY METAL  issues and look for &quot;Alien-esque&quot; storylines ( where a bunch of  people are out destroying aliens &amp; bugs with cool weaponry ).
Director James Cameron takes us more into an action oriented Alien movie then the horror-esque type of the first film, and it's done extremely well, engrossing you (for the most part) from the first scene, to the very last.
 It does have a dark 'Fargo-esque' quality to it (and I enjoyed the movie Fargo), but it is in no way funny.
 The acting is generally good with Cohen-esque strange characters.
the bumbling yet well-intentioned crooks in over their heads, the Preston Sturges-esque pace, the oddball yet strangely intellectual dialogue which only they can write in quite that way.
 If you're a film fan, and genuinely enjoy horror (which doesn't rely on overdone special effects - think Blair Witch-esque - not in style, but in scaring the pants off of you without costing a fortune to make), rent this.
And there is a District 9-esque buried spacecraft as well.
 Look at the SPACE MARINE board and video games, and read past HEAVY METAL  issues and look for &quot;Alien-esque&quot; storylines ( where a bunch of  people are out destroying aliens &amp; bugs with cool weaponry ).
Director James Cameron takes us more into an action oriented Alien movie then the horror-esque type of the first film, and it's done extremely well, engrossing you (for the most part) from the first scene, to the very last.
Die hard alien enthusiast impaled themselves on Giger-esque protrusions the second this movie came out.
However, his Peter  Jackson-esque sense of humor does not fit in though.
 It is utterly and completely lacking of the fairy tale-esque brightness he usually brings to his films.
 Large-scale indoctrination is accomplished through the visualized, Apple commerical-esque, Big Brother screens of 1984 (used later in V for Vendetta).
<p>Taking a page from 1984 the Tetragrammaton is a Big Brother-esque government, though they seem to rely more on human surveilance than on electronic spying, which suppresses art, culture, and entertainment as they engender to many emotional upwellings.
There are also constant 1984-esque propoganda broadcasts, and the "sense offense" concept of the movie is pretty much the same thing as the "thought crime" of 1984.
This is not a thoughtful, Dark Knight-esque movie, but a summer action film.
It was highly enjoyable and scary enough for my taste in its B movie way. Some great John Carpenter-esque performances.
 Though Carpenter enlists certain elements that may be stereotypical, such as the Romero-esque zombies and the notion of all-encompassing evil attempting to over-take good, Carpenter adds his own unique twists.
 I was hoping for a horror movie with a twist and what I got instead was a 1.5 hour, Buffy-esque type story reminiscent of season 4 with the government run "Initiative.
Because of this air of secrecy, I went into the movie thinking it would probably feature an M Night-esque twist and ultimately get filed under "Things Rod Serling Did Better" (although I knew the dialogue and characterization would be better than Shyamalan's because of Joss Whedon's involvement).
 Why would a Tipper Gore-esque character named Mary Spinkle blame a company for something the rapper is responsible for instead of the rapper himself?
As fate would have it, a handsome Robin Hood-esque young man named Flynn Rider is attempting to escape the guards at the Royal Palace, and naturally happens upon Rapunzel's tower while Gothel is gone.
They just need to ramp up the creative juices and come up with the next "Little Mermaid"-esque hit.
 Why does the film become detrimentally Disney-esque in Scottie's risible nightmare sequence?
And it never strays to the realm of the over-the-top murder tales that are full of larger-than-life characters and Clue-esque easy answers.
I can see why this long pregnant wait leaves some viewers wraught. But personally I found this Agatha Christie-esque unravelling of each individual's idiosynchrasies fascinating, because it sets up a "motive" for several of our characters.
It's twice as much fun if many people COULD have executed the murder. <p>Enter: Stephen Fry as a very Sherlock Holmes-esque investigator, pipe and trenchcoat and all.
The troup of Fellini-esque characters are non-actors but you'd never know it.
Putting the Creature 'in clothes' is an obvious Star Trek-esque ploy of saving the budget through cheap costumes but it really takes away greatly from any impact the Creature has and makes it look rather silly.
Its a combination of Cops and ER which tries to elevate  itself into art with the Madonna-esque MTV video style footage - and  portentious voice overs, the result is terrible.
poof! Fairy Godmother-esque move are pretty darn close to nil.
Woody Allen has never made a secret of Ingmar Bergman's influence on his work.  VICKY CRISTINA BARCELONA is very Bergman-esque, but it also somehow remains distinctly Woody Allen.
Splendidly combining live-animal action with Jim Henson-esque animatronics, Noonan's irresistible "Babe" is a story about flouting convention and realizing one's potential.
 Film  and TV legend Henry Winkler added a lot of gusto to the film in the  supporting role of Alfred's Emeril-esque dad as well.
 Film  and TV legend Henry Winkler added a lot of gusto to the film in the  supporting role of Alfred's Emeril-esque dad as well.
 And of course Rob Reiner's Capra-esque moment is Shepard fighting back at the end, defending his membership of the ACLU and the rights of his girlfriend to burn flags.
 In "Spice World," the girls take on a world tour with Bond-esque style.
What fun! Scrap the past 40 years of music development and go straight back into the good old jazz/Chicago-esque style.
This thing has a bizarre plotline, that leads our protagonist (a geeky-Jimmy Stewart-esque kinda guy) onto an island inhabited by his uncle Boris (rightly voiced by Boris Karloff) and an army of monsters that he created.
It's more interesting than your average dumb-blonde-esque flick.
This film is genuinely unpredictable, thanks in large part to a literate, Pinter-esque script, the fact that the action is character-generated, and three generations of great UK actors are on hand to deliver the crowning glory of the film, its performances, I've saved the best for last:<br />Terence Stamp, in his return to the big screen after a lengthy absence, gives his greatest performance, better even than the much-vaunted "The Limey," as the smiling martyr.
 This is not the shoddy Ted Turner-esque colorization of the 1980s, and the advance of technology in the interim decades certainly shows in a positive way.
Some seem to find this grating, but I'm a major fan of this technique. Slow motion lends a battle that classic Peckinpah-esque gritty brutality, and it's used to spectacular effect in "Watchmen".
Manhattan (Billy Crudup) who is a god-like Superman-esque blue skinned being with unique powers, sexy Silk Spectre (Malin Akerman) and very smart and brilliant crimefighter NightOwl (Patrick Wilson) all join together to try to solve the mystery of the Comedian's death.
Manhattan is the god-like power; Rorschach is the Batman-esque thirst to avenge crime; Night Owl II is a bored rich kid; Silk Spectre II is obliged, etc.
The few moments that were supposed to be funny, weren't. A Jerry Springer-esque talk show moment made it that much worse.
Manhattan (Billy Crudup) who is a Superman-esque immortal god of powers, blank masked avenger Roschach (Jackie Earl Haley), sexy buttkicker Silk Spectre (Malin Akerman) and intelligent Batman-esque Nightowl (Patrick Wilson) are together trying to untangle the mystery of who killed Comedian.
 As said to Scrooge by Marley, "you'll be the only person who's cold in Hell!" - A nice little nod to the Dante-esque concept of Hell being frozen at its core.
 They are a sort of reverse Abbott and Costello.  The two must save Good Burger from Mondo Burger, a Dave and Busters-esque new restaurant across the street and its successful but cruel manager Kurt, who always refers to himself in the third person.
But there's a decent amount of Adam Sandler-esque slapstick comedy bits to be entertaining.
Although the overall plot was amazing, I could not help but be sidetracked by some of the ridiculously soap-opera-esque sub-plots.
 New Orleans of course, but also WWI & WWII, France, New York, the Florida Keys, Russia, Pitt's post-college-esque journey around the world; any person who likes culture and travel would enjoy it.
 Both are told in flashback format (this film just adds the Titanic-esque "old lady" twist instead of having the protagonist narrate his own story), as well as delve into themes too numerous to sort out after just one viewing.
<p>Pacino gives a tour de force performance, delivering his lines with typical Pacino-esque vigor.
So, what do we do? We reach back. This show happens to be on a current 'public-esque' TV channel and since I don't have cable, I take what I can get.
<p>Pacino gives a tour de force performance, delivering his lines with typical Pacino-esque vigor.
Sure. But they didn't detract from the overall experience, which was a very cool mix of a suspenseful, rock-opera-esque plot line and some gorgeous music.
But there's a decent amount of Adam Sandler-esque slapstick comedy bits to be entertaining.
 Why? Predictability.  Design is always the same.  Stick figure-esque, almost surreal imagery is in every flick.
 Assuming you can see though its typically  Burton-esque fog of gloom, you will find some good actors struggling  within.
 Dialogue, as always for Scorsese, is great with some of Nicholson's lines being Tarantino-esque.
 This movie tries too hard to be like other movies.  From the beginning long shot with Nicholson voice-over to the Joker-esque facial musings, Matt Damon sounding like he just stepped off the Good Will Hunting set, it was just kind of sad.
Let me just start out by saying how much I LOVE this show... Never did I think I would love a "musical-esque" TV Show!
The Tucker Torpedo. It's done in a very period-esque style, indulging in many styles of the 1940s, from the big band sounds from that era, to the flaky movie style.
Past that, the only original torture-esque thing they did was the room that fills up with sand.
 If you are expecting a classic zombie thriller, this ain't it.  It's really more of a twisted Tim Burton-esque parody of 1950's life which happens to have zombies in it.
The 50's-esque fashions and attitudes are also amusing.
I love the use of color: the cars are especially yummy. Billy Connolly is brilliant as Fido! The story is almost Disney-esque: an emotionally stunted family, a lonely boy, and the dog (or in this case, the zombie) who shakes things up.
Funny 1950's "Night of the Living Dead"-esque satire.
 I could care less about the silly flash-esque games, the documentaries, storyboards, family game night features, sing-a-long, crap.
Everyone here is pitch-perfect: Hepburn, Holden, Bogie and the incomparable Billy Wilder.  This is a classic Cinderella-esque story of a young, poor girl hopelessly in love with the son of her father's employer.
Richard Robbins Glass-esque score was fresh and hypnotic, transporting us into the lush greenery and richly cloistered environment of the old house.
This particular movie is not Harry Potter. It is Harry Potter-esque.
Harry is a suitably stroppy teenager, in fact really stroppy, and the whole plot seems to be fairly "woe is me"-esque.
My roommate describes this film as Stanley Kubrick-esque.
 I went into 'Charlie's Angels' wanting only to see a little Bond-esque action and, of course, Lucy Liu.
Every time the film employs cheesy '70s-esque montage sequences, every time the camera goes wicked slow when the girls toss their hair, and every time an action scene comes up (which takes things from films like The Matrix, Mission: Impossible, and True Lies), it's all a parody.
As for the film itself - by now, everyone knows that it's a Campbell-esque &quot;hero's journey&quot; dressed up as a gothic horror/suspense yarn.
wierd movie.<br /><br />yuki-onna-esque.
From the moment I first saw the trailer, I laughed, a lot. Filled with silly, "Austin Powers"-esque comedy, there were a lot of jokes packed in that trailer and the movie delivers more of the same.
Once of the funniest Indy movies I have ever seen. Waiting For Guffman-esque.
When an important executive of the NASA-esque company where Hawke works is murdered, he becomes the prime suspect when an eyelash of his is identifed during the police investigation.
Granted, Gattaca certainly tries to be all things to all people - it sells itself variously as a Philip K. Dick-esque sci-fi, as a Tense Political Thriller, an Edgy Romance, even as a Rumination on Filial Love and Obligation - but in my book it fails badly on every count.
fun.  Chameleon-esque bounty hunters (Flanagan), sexy black widows (Keys and Henson), brute force anarchists (Pine, Durand, and Sterling), mookish bail bondsmen (Affleck), wild cards, and black suits descend on the Nomad on the same fatal day.
**1/2<br /><br />Joe Carnahan`s "Smokin' Aces" is a Tarantino-esque crime drama with a cast of characters almost as extensive  as the one in "War and Peace.
Another major source of confusion was Bill and his Romney-esque flip-flopping on his "no human killing" policy.
 That's 100% good with me so right away I was expecting a Kubrick-esque film.
 After breaking down in front of a gas station, they all soon come to learn that there's a blood-thirsty, splinter-esque parasite on the loose that can take its victims over as hosts, and soon enough they're barricaded inside trying to hold it off.
This thing has a bizarre plotline, that leads our protagonist (a geeky-Jimmy Stewart-esque kinda guy) onto an island inhabited by his uncle Boris (rightly voiced by Boris Karloff) and an army of monsters that he created.
 Other Amazon reviewers have compared this film to "The Tree of Life" -- But frankly, TOL was a Disney-esque experience compared to "Melancholia".
Deep Roy (from "Big Fish" and "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory") sneaks in too, as the Napoleon-esque skelton.
The story is much closer to one of the Grimm's Fairy Tales, with no Tim Burton-esque moments added.
Sounds Ashton Kutcher-esque to me.
The piano duet sequence with Victor and Victoria playing a moody, Chopin-esque<br /><br />piece is moving, while the underground creatures warble wild Fats Waller-meets-Offenbach numbers.
Generally entertaining, but a mixed bag. The script: at times hilarious, but then veers into obnoxious Coen-esque caricature.
However, his Peter  Jackson-esque sense of humor does not fit in though.
 It is utterly and completely lacking of the fairy tale-esque brightness he usually brings to his films.
Rifftrax [...] announced that on 2/19/2007 they will release the "Mystery science theater 3000-esque" commentary track for this "classic".
Very Tarantino-esque, but Duffy leaves Tarantino for dead.
I was more or less expecting a Tarantino-esque crime movie with some wierdass characters and lots of cursing, which is more or less what I got.
I would've preferred either a longer film with a more fleshed out progression of events, or a more Tarantino/Scorcese-esque approach giving the actors more time to indulge us with their characters peculiarities.
To start, Boondock Saints is blatently inspired by the Tarentino-esque style that has seemed to become popular among the indie crowd lately.
Boondock Saints is an odd movie, know that going in.  It has some Tarantino-esque violence and surreal humor.
In a Skywalker-esque plot twist at the end, the three team up to execute a mobster as he pleads innocent in the courtroom.
 And I'll take a good Tarantino-esque vibe anyday.
 The "Dutch" guy appears out of nowhere, and he's made out to be some sort of super-killer, Hannible Lector-esque character but the only thing really said about him was something like "they only use him when things get really bad.
The girl warrior is quite easy on the eyes but the Frankenstein-esque warrior is just so funny it's sad.
 The conflict is room temperature at best.<p> I think they were hoping for a Firm-esque thing here, one got that feeling from the previews.
A particularly pleasing set is Caleb's bachelor pad-esque room, furnished to the nines beyond what any kid could afford.
This scene is so painfully Cinderella-esque that I was waiting for Marisa to leave a glass slipper.
(I would say Clerks but this is more of a Quientin-esque film- and lets face it while Clerks is a personal film Dogs does and says more).
I especially got a kick out of Lars, the Yanni-esque boyfriend of Sara (Beckinsale).
I especially got a kick out of Lars, the Yanni-esque boyfriend of Sara (Beckinsale).
I have never seen a film that can juggle Python-esque humor and Gladiator-esque emotion so well - nor have I seen a film that has even attempted it, let alone met with success!
It has a lot of sorround effects specially in the beggining with the  'Matrix'-esque "girl with bomb explodes" sequence.
At no point are we prepared as an audience to be left on a Rocky Balboa-esque note of corny triumph.
 The perfect heroine.<br /><br />The way this movie was done, with the dark, gritty, noir-esque settings of Batman and the 'lightness' of the dark comedy from Nicholson's Joker, gives the movie a vitality that all the others have lacked to a certain extent.
Batman Returns has a very creative and &quot;Burton-esque&quot;  visual style, yet it's so unrelentingly dark it can't compare to the first,  and the best.
But as much as City of God will disturb you, it's hard to not feel Meirelles's Scorsese-esque talent radiate from the screen (there are more than a few parallels to Goodfellas here).
So imagine, if you will, a Buffy-esque movie featuring a pair of uber-cute punk-adorable pop stars, a slick-yet-inexplicably-corny gang of &quot;royal&quot; vampires, a vicious pack of (one must assume) lesser proletariat vampires, and an extended cameo wherein Jackie Chan attempts to wed a staggering alcoholic.
In a Harlan Ellison-esque twist, the Cylons turned on their creators and tried destroy them.
In a Harlan Ellison-esque twist, the Cylons turned on their creators and tried destroy them.
 Instead of Greco-Egyptian-themed space opera, the new series is an America-esque gritty, dark spaceborne Navy technothriller-type docudrama, where the uniforms look like uniforms rather than pajamas, the cameras recording it all actually exist (a piece of debris from a destroyed space station sends it spinning in the opening) and the old Colonial warriors' names have become fighter pilot call signs ("starbucking" seems to be slang for drunk & disorderly conduct, and Boomer's landings are so loud and bad you can hear them down in the hangar bay even through hard vacuum).
Both Judas and I Feel You feature Floyd-esque video footage which somehow fit the songs better than anything MTV could have handled.
 Its just too put on, too preschool teacher-esque.
She's in nearly every frame, and she's a marvel with the kind Garbo-esque screen presence: whether she's saying a wicked line or casting a wicked glance, you're falling for her.
As for the human cast, Brendan Fraser, here a hapless stunt man whose dad just happens to be a 007-esque spy star both in character and for real (played broadly, if briefly, by ex-Bond Timothy Dalton), is a little bland, and the normally witty Jenna Elfman is mostly eye candy as the studio exec.
Let me just get this off my chest: The character of Malcolm Tucker is Columbo-esque in its perfection.
If I hear the words "snappy dialogue" "david mamet" "aaron sorkin-esque" etc.
There's of course the paladin-esque superheroes like Spider-Man or Superman and there's the anti-heroes like Wolverine or Batman (at his best, so long as he doesn't delve into Miller-machismo).
 Look at the SPACE MARINE board and video games, and read past HEAVY METAL  issues and look for &quot;Alien-esque&quot; storylines ( where a bunch of  people are out destroying aliens &amp; bugs with cool weaponry ).
Director James Cameron takes us more into an action oriented Alien movie then the horror-esque type of the first film, and it's done extremely well, engrossing you (for the most part) from the first scene, to the very last.
Split into four parts, each one focused on a different season, Another Year has a formal, Eric Rohmer-esque structure that makes it one of its creator's most ordered works.
A grave injustice to Garrison Keillor's quirky weekly broadcast and a typically Altman-esque waste of a great cast.
Disturbingly violent, with plenty of typically Barker-esque mixing of sex and horror.
 Of the eight, I would say KILL THEORY probably would have the best chance of theatrical success, if only for its SAW-esque plot.
 His Fellini-esque Fabrizio (in &quot;Why do some women  have trouble achieving orgasm?
It is the beginning of the more internalised works by Cronenberg, though there are still some horror elements (the Giger-esque instruments for operating on mutant women and the dream sequence).
It's also a bit more movie-esque in the more bigger action scenes, making it a bit more dynamic.
 Film  and TV legend Henry Winkler added a lot of gusto to the film in the  supporting role of Alfred's Emeril-esque dad as well.
 Film  and TV legend Henry Winkler added a lot of gusto to the film in the  supporting role of Alfred's Emeril-esque dad as well.
Unlike the so-so comic book-esque TOMBSTONE, WYATT EARP tells the real story and takes its time doing so.
 This duo evidently wanted to capture a somber Louis L'Amour-esque look on-screen (the costuming is a dead giveaway), as their tragic interpretation of Earp's life story often resembles an Old West version of "The Godfather," replacing mobsters with frontier cops.
 Returning to Missouri to study law under his grandfather (Giorgio E. Tripoli), a judge, he revives a Dante-esque romance with Urilla Sutherland (Annabeth Gish), marries her, loses her to typhoid within a year, and goes on a nine-month drunk that ends when he steals a horse and is bailed out by his father.
a task easier said then done. The story for The Ladykillers, as Cohen Brothers-esque as it may be, is too outlandish even for them.
Featuring a cast of awesome wushu practitioners, this is a gem in the Jet Li line-up. And the Tai Chi-esque performance done at the end makes this a fun lineup.
I gotta say this version of The Hulk is very memorable and beloved making tons of fans and does a nice Batman Begins-esque realism take on the Hulk mythology.
And, contrary to what many "anime" fans believe, the movie IS NOT ANIME. It is an American sci-fi/fantasy-esque adventure flick.
The meltdown in Mousedom continues with this disappointing tripe.  Despite the Jules Verne-esque trappings and hints of Victorian elegance, this movie quickly descends into an embarassing, offensive, unlikely combination of "The Abyss" & "Musquito Coast.
 They are some combination of sluggish island people, fierce jungle fighters, and "Battlestar Galactica-esque" pre-historic technowizards.
I initially approached the movie from a manga-esque, bishonen point of view, and I was not too off the mark.
 Director Rick Rosenthal (who directed the latest Halloween: Resurrection) decided to go without most of the cat & mouse-esque Carpenter style suspense of the first film, opting instead to make the film much more graphic than the original.
 In the games, Liu Kang was always one of my least favorite characters, due to his overblown Bruce Lee-esque imitation, but this film removes that, preventing him from being annoying.
On previous Bakshi films the live action film bleeds through, not so on Fire and Ice, the vibrant Frazetta-esque colors suck you into the world of the movie.
 He soon abondons his Kafka-esque existence and stops going to work, dumps his nagging b**tch of a girlfriend, and gets the courage to ask out a disgruntled waitress (Aniston).
Keith Carradine returns, with his Henry Fonda-esque delivery, as now retired FBI profiler Frank Lundy who is in Miami to partly renew acquaintances with Detective Debra Morgan but mostly to pursue his pet project: tracking down the Trinity Killer, the only serial killer to have eluded him (of course, Dexter two seasons ago also eluded Lundy).
 Rockwell and Jackson turn in inspired, albeit secondary efforts.  Johannson is minimally used, but serves her Matrix-esque purpose in a skin-tight outfit and awesome fight scene.
 We watch a film that would have done Disney proud as the "Key to the Future" is revealed (complete with Disney-esque music and style) but is actually more than it seems -- and gives Tony a key to his future.
A gratuitous music video-esque performance by singer Ashanti chops up the flow of the plot and seems out of place in the middle of the film.
 He spends approximately 80% of the film, making exaggerated "all work and no play..."-esque faces.
Some of the arm moves are a bit cheerleader-esque, but it is a good time.
or "The Terminator" .. or maybe 007? His character became a caricature of ludicrous proportions, a Rambo-esque powerkiller who is able to annihilate the world using his mad skills and a knife.
A year after the couragous mutant team known as the X-Men, there has been a terrorist mutant attack made by Devil-esque mutant named Nightcrawler (Alan Cumming) in the White House.
Barnyard is no exception.<br /><br />The overall story is a subpar Lion King-esque ripoff with Sam Elliot as the patriarch of the barnyard and Kevin James as the young partying cow who doesn't take life seriously.
Barnyard is no exception.<br /><br />The overall story is a subpar Lion King-esque ripoff with Sam Elliot as the patriarch of the barnyard and Kevin James as the young partying cow who doesn't take life seriously.
It has a lot of sorround effects specially in the beggining with the  'Matrix'-esque "girl with bomb explodes" sequence.
 The spfx are well done, excepting the  Muppet-esque Dorats, exciting, and complex.
 The story is also compelling, with a rather Lord of the Rings-esque fantasy appeal.
 TRAINING DAY is a film with no special effects, no colorful cinematography, and no Picasso-esque art direction - just a movie that slaps you upside the hide from start to finish, with two powerhouse performances that stay with you long after the closing credits.
President when he becomes a contestant on "American Dreamz", and "American Idol"-esque talent show.
Bush in a deadpan manner. An absolutley stunning performance. As a Cheney-esque Cheif of Staff, William Dafoe is cruel and funny.
This film does have some wartime scenes but they're used sparingly and doesn't delve into Private Ryan-esque battles every 15 minutes.
While the Audrey Tatou scenes in the French countryside are charmingly Amelie-esque, it is hard to balance those with war portions of the film.
and proceeds to chase the surfers on to the island." More disinterest. "Where they encounter some Rambo-esque militarists and jungle booby traps a la Indiana Jones.
 That's where the trailer left it....and it left me thinking this might be a Mulan-esque story where she goes off on some sort of adventure (again making me nervous that maybe we'd just have a rehashed story).
With modern westerns becoming more and more watered down into Michael Bay-esque shoot-out snoozefests, it's hard to find that progressive story line that used to be commonplace in the true westerns of the 50's, 60's and 70's.
Two newly weds get tarrorized by a dead girl in Tokeyo for 90 minuets, add a strangly odd zombie-esque love scene and being french kissed by a slug(?
Pearce and Taylor's realization of these characters surpasses the minor flaws. Guy Pearce manages a Jim Morrison-esque sexiness and impressive vocals in the musical sequences.
Maurice Jarre's score, which weaves Hindu music with Cole Porter-esque rhythm, never overpowers the dialogue or sound effects.
It's more interesting than your average dumb-blonde-esque flick.
&quot;Evil Dead&quot; is indeed without question, the BEST zombie-esque movie since &quot;Night Of The Living Dead&quot;, and is a non-stop thrill ride at every turn!
 Well, with the exception of one Heather-esque villainness who provides no value to the story whatsoever.
Alas, Roger became too old and went.<br />Dalton brought another Bond, more fleming-esque.
And it never strays to the realm of the over-the-top murder tales that are full of larger-than-life characters and Clue-esque easy answers.
I can see why this long pregnant wait leaves some viewers wraught. But personally I found this Agatha Christie-esque unravelling of each individual's idiosynchrasies fascinating, because it sets up a "motive" for several of our characters.
It's twice as much fun if many people COULD have executed the murder. <p>Enter: Stephen Fry as a very Sherlock Holmes-esque investigator, pipe and trenchcoat and all.
If Walt was willing to die, a more Eastwood-esque ending of going in guns blazing would have made a LOT more sense.
Oh, boy, was this movie offensive.<br /><br />I'm not even talking about the rampant Archie Bunker-esque racist remarks coming from the mouth of angry old Mr.
 Only Clint Eastwood can deliver the lines he does in this movie and make them work.  They're so Clint Eastwood-esque.
Anderson's Event Horizon.<br /><br />In all the film shoes great potential and I suspect that if not for the horror-esque twist for the final quarter of the picture, Sunshine would eventually find favor with the science fiction community at large as perhaps one of the most underrated pieces to come out of London, or for that matter, anywhere.
A few early shots which weave through shadowy corridors and dance about dimly lit Giger-esque passageways immediately foreshadow ominous events.
Although the initial aspirations of "Sunshine" are lost in its B-movie, slasher-esque finale, the film does tie up nicely.
But we found that after a few weeks we were still thinking about it. It has a great Alien-esque feel.
A few early shots which weave through shadowy corridors and dance about dimly lit Giger-esque passageways immediately foreshadow ominous events.
 The cast does a great job of setting the mood and none of it feels lame or B-movie-esque.
Still, the Zombie-esque finale doesn't quite fit.
She has talent, but unfortunately is stuck with the films lamest lines. People criticize the films 'Matrix-esque' effects and stunts.
It's also true that while it can be called Kafkaesque, it might also be called Disney-esque for the sweet sincerity of this mother's love for her son.
 Like others have said, Oliver Stone was the films flaw.  Had it been Tarantino-esque in it's directing, I think it would have had more appeal, and less of the headache flavor.
 In fact, the final fight scene in this movie is probably my favorite of any Chan-esque movie.
 well what is it then?  Hmm . . it's a strange mixture of a film.  For the most part the  film is a Warhol-esque depiction of a troubled artist (Fererra under the  pseudonym Jimmy Lane) descending into madness and paranoia, padded out with  art-lessly shot footage of drugged out punks and all set against a heavy  rock soundtrack.
Kino sounds more feminine in Japanese, but Hermes, the motorcycle, has a more &quot;machine-esque&quot; voice in English.
a first glance it seems to be a natural history series, with carefully filmed footage and Attenborough-esque narration (provided here by the wonderful  English luvvie Kenneth Branagh).
 <p>Leonardo Dicaprio plays Romeo as a misunderstood James Dean-esque rebel with a mysterious aura about him.
DiCaprio's very Shakespeare-in-the-Park-esque Romeo was rather disappointing.
One of the most enjoyable attempts at another Harry Potter-esque franchise.
The Bottom Line:<br /><br />The special effects are nifty and I guess the Chinatown-esque plot is kinda fun, but the gimmick ran stale for me after the first half hour and I wanted a bit more to fall back on than Hoskins' growling and Christopher Lloyd's scenery chewing; I can see why everyone else loves it, but I was not especially enthused.
I wish they'd created other cities/kingdoms for the Mario Bros. to visit, as I'd love to see the Blade Runner-esque 'Shroompunk versions of other game worlds.
If you watch the film closely, you'll see that even through the dystopian, Blade Runner-esque art direction and set design, there are a multitude of references to the video games proving that for every gritty aspect of the film that seems like it doesn't fit in with the game, there are many other aspects that are taken straight from the game.
Let me just start out by saying how much I LOVE this show... Never did I think I would love a "musical-esque" TV Show!
Tarsem makes good on his horrible first film "The Cell" with this Terry Gilliam-esque masterpiece.
Leonetti likes smoky nightclubs and motel rooms and the score alternates between jazzy and noir-esque to (unfortunately) synthesized and 80s.
Perhaps it's the PG rating, but I feel that the dark side of Montana--seamy, smoke-filled, Lolo-esque, where lost souls lurk in the shadows of drunkenness and addiction--is never fully realized (case-in-point: Paul, as well as Jessie's brother).
 That's 100% good with me so right away I was expecting a Kubrick-esque film.
Or explain and possibly show how they made some of the great robot-esque voices like Soundwave and Shrapnel?
It's true. A talking alien plant set to take over the world, a hero out of a zero, three Ronettes-esque ladies with fantastic voices, a sadistic dentist - this movie is awesome.
The actors and plot are sitcom-esque, which isn't bad and actually quite entertaining.
 With "Reloaded", what began as a single successful film becomes an updated "Star Wars"-esque trilogy, with a seemingly unbeatable first film, a middle piece, and a battle-filled climax.
 Some nice slow-motion, Matrix-esque bullet dodging scenes, and the JCVD kicks are always classic, but there's just too much to truly enjoy.
Rodman's character, a shady special arms dealer, does add some brightness with his 007-esque cadre of tech gadgets.
Do you even care?), he and his bride go running and prancing through the forest while some miserable Carly Simon-esque song plays.
It is also great to see Deborah Harry reprise her Intimate Stranger-esque phone sex role too.
 The first story is about a cigar store wooden Indian that comes to life for some Charles Bronson-esque revenge when some hoodlums rob the general store and kill the owner, played by George Kennedy("Be sure.
The second half devolves into numerous Disney-esque plot contrivances, none of which I will go into because they might be spoilers to some.
 Yet Marilyn does not want to be worshiped, only loved and respected, and both seem beyond her reach.  Her Lindsay Lohan-esque antics aggravate her colleagues, and her new husband-- playwright Arthur Miller-- condescends to her and secretly wishes he had never married Marilyn.
 The movie was a little top heavy with typical Shatner-esque self-indulgence(he directed of course).
I really liked it. Love Jagger's moves and the Elvis-esque white sequin jumper he wears!
 <p>Danny Devito plays what may well have been his last truly funny role, made all the more hilarious because his Brando-esque character takes himself almost as seriously as DeVito takes himself these days.
nature and eventually discover the Andromeda Strain's weakness in a very H.G. Wells-esque realization.
In isolation, ideas like Devastator (a massive robot made up of seven lesser ones), the Pretender (a Terminator-esque Decepticon assassin that can pass as human) or Jetfire (an elderly Decepticon who switched sides to join the Autobots, got bored with the war and has spent decades disguised as an exhibit in the Smithsonian) could have made for interesting scenes or story points.
Reintroducing the concept into this film seemed like a good idea and the effects are excellent, if a little Terminator-esque, but Alice's overall inclusion just seems superfluous.
And the swearing? Out of place! The Jar Jar Binks-esque comedy relief just added another layer of disappointment.
The utilization of the Decepticon-esque chants and the serene vocals of Lisbeth Scott, really play up the polarizing moments of the movie.
 There may be a few too many Michael Bay-esque shots.
 The apes inhabit a Flintstone-esque city and are divided into three different castes, the Orangutangs, who are the politicans and keepers of the faith, and seemingly the caste in absolute control, the Gorillas, whoa re the workers and the soldiers, and who seem to occupy the lowest position, and the Chimpanzees, who are the scientists and intellectuals.
It was highly enjoyable and scary enough for my taste in its B movie way. Some great John Carpenter-esque performances.
 Though Carpenter enlists certain elements that may be stereotypical, such as the Romero-esque zombies and the notion of all-encompassing evil attempting to over-take good, Carpenter adds his own unique twists.
They truly come across as buddies for life.<br /><br />The story is simple: a B-movie-esque scenario where giant man-eating subterranean monsters (big wormlike things called aptly named Graboids) start plucking man and animal from the surface in a remote desert town.
Strangelove-esque.
 They are a sort of reverse Abbott and Costello.  The two must save Good Burger from Mondo Burger, a Dave and Busters-esque new restaurant across the street and its successful but cruel manager Kurt, who always refers to himself in the third person.
Haha. (Ok, so thats only funny if you've seen it.) I love the opening credits in this piece- the cuckoo clock-esque characters in their cookie cutter houses.
In its attempt to be another American Beauty-esque slice of suburban life, The Safety of Objects becomes a caricature of itself.
Leonetti likes smoky nightclubs and motel rooms and the score alternates between jazzy and noir-esque to (unfortunately) synthesized and 80s.
 Although not a highly original or edgy film, it does goes well beyond the barriers of a typical Disney-esque movie.
 Its about the scenery, the cool acting, the cool action, etc.  Its not that the movie has any David Lynch-esque surreal plots, its just that once you understand what is going on (and the plot twists are a big part of the movie), you'll likely say a very noncomittal, "oh.
 This provides the foundation for 22 episodes' worth of pure zaniness centered on the Moonlighting-esque relationship between Jack and Emilia, and their continuing misadventures as they elude the idiot French governor and his even more buffoonish army commandant, encounter historical figures including Napoleon himself (played by Verne Troyer, a/k/a Mini-Me), Benjamin Franklin, James Madison, Lewis and Clark and Blackbeard, and exchange politically incorrect and risque one-liners.
 The cinematography is the strongest aspect of this movie.  You'll be transported into a beautiful Eden-esque valley that seems too good to be true.
 It is this Bonnie and Clyde-esque story arc that is the heart of these twelve episodes and as long as the show follows this trajectory, it is as as riveting ever.
But as much as City of God will disturb you, it's hard to not feel Meirelles's Scorsese-esque talent radiate from the screen (there are more than a few parallels to Goodfellas here).
 I could care less about the silly flash-esque games, the documentaries, storyboards, family game night features, sing-a-long, crap.
 It also has a definite <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000GW8UAE">Simon & Simon - Season One</a>-esque feel to it, being as it is the story of two unlikely and completely opposite partners and the more-than-it-seems adventure they find themselves falling into.
If you like Tim Burtons work, you will appreciate the skewed perspectives, the painted sets, and the Edward Scissorhads-esque "Somnambulist".
With bold, "Pee-Wee's Playhouse"-like doors, Burton-esque buildings, and a dream-like town, director Robert Wiene (along with his set designer and cinematographer) was well beyond the 1900s.
For one in this 2008 reboot there are no split screens, no jello-like Hulk, and no weird Bed-nobs and Broomsticks-esque multi-hued screen flashes (when I say flashes I mean the screen doesn't cheaply changed color while silhouetting the actor with a stunned expression on his face.
We get the sense that Wade's probing of Evans is more than just Hannibal Lecture-esque quid pro quo, where the information is used as power to exploit the owner.
 The only respite from the mayhem is &quot;Spoke In The Wheel,&quot; a Skynyrd-esque ballad which Zakk performs alone with his Les Paul.
I particularly liked the flower garden sequence, which is very Busby Berkeley-esque.
 I've occasionally had a hankering to trot out a Shakespear-esque play I wrote when I was 16, in which I play all the characters.
 Nair could have pulled a Gandhi-esque moment for us by countering the horrible acting with beautiful images of India.
Eventually, he settles his differences in a Fight Club-esque manner -- which is more ridiculous than it sounds -- in order to make way for some more subplots that make absolutely no sense and go nowhere.
evil), and comes out on top (he turns out good)! He is the quintessiantal human character, "Odyssey-esque" (as old Cock used to say), an everyman for today.
More on this later...<br /><br />Jolie as Alexander's mother uses as bizarre Russian-esque accent that is terribly out of place with who Olympia actually was.
More on this later...<br /><br />Jolie as Alexander's mother uses as bizarre Russian-esque accent that is terribly out of place with who Olympia actually was.
 It didn't really feel like an adventure, as one might assume from her Indiana Jones-esque character.
 I could care less about the silly flash-esque games, the documentaries, storyboards, family game night features, sing-a-long, crap.
 Adult themes, complex characters, a realistic 'blade-runner'-esque environment, and some excellent cross genre music.
He also has an intentional cameo later on in the movie. His brief performance isn't exactly Hitchcockian or Tarantino-esque, but I think he makes out okay.
There's one sequence where a &quot;Godfather&quot;-esque character is upset about a family member's death, tosses up his arms, and the camera literally stays with the group for a minute afterwards as the actors kick dirt around and fidget, apparently anxious for the director to yell &quot;Cut!
This is a very cool Nightmare On Elm Street-esque horror flick that does everything right.
Instead of adding to tension, these cuts into odd confessionals, jittery music video-esque blurbs, and photo negative images remove the viewer from the urgency of the scene, and make them too aware that they're watching movie.
 Barrymore plays Ivy, a girl from the wrong side of that tracks who has Lolita-esque ways of getting what she wants.
 Even veteran actor Sam Neill couldn't escape the clutches of clich&eacute; as he played the same father-esque figure that we have seen time and time again in this genre of film.
Some good Lawrence-esque scenes here & there but,generally,the film lacks real soul & drags out too much.
 Even veteran actor Sam Neill couldn't escape the clutches of clich&eacute; as he played the same father-esque figure that we have seen time and time again in this genre of film.
This movie is a mix of 'fake' sci-fi, as Tim Allen and his cast are actually just actors in a Star Trek-esque show, but there are real aliens in here who view that show as historical documents and thus seek out the Galaxy Quest cast for aid.
 Tim Allen really breaks out of his stand-up/sitcom persona and plays a Shatner-esque role.
She really embraces her inner bimbo and has fun. Tim Allen as a Shatner-esque is a win!
 It's a straight horror movie that borrows from about every recent Scream-esque film out there, and then adds some surprising twists to keep it fresh.
The trio winds up in a Bohemian, free-spirited Manhattan, bonding with Joplin-esque singer, Sadie (Dana Fuchs), Hendrix-inspired rocker, JoJo (Martin Luther McCoy), and sensitive lesbian, Prudence (T.
 Some of the harmonies were nice, and I enjoyed the rocking versions by the Janis-Joplin-esque Sadie.
Robert, a shaman,  (played and sung by Bono, who - with an American accent, channels Ringo and is even Dylan-esque in his cultural references) who sings I Am the Walrus.
Lacks the detecting and deliciously Poe-esque tone of Ritchie's first Sherlock.
 Oscar (Nathaniel Brown) is an American, living in Tokyo.  Or at least a No&eacute;-esque Tokyo full of drugs and bass-thumbing club music.
From stunning POV work, to long steadicam shots to bird's-eye-view to Superman-esque flying-through-the-sky shots, Enter the Void has camera choreography that would make the jaws of Alfred Hitchcock and Brian De Palma drop.
 Oscar (Nathaniel Brown) is an American, living in Tokyo.  Or at least a No&eacute;-esque Tokyo full of drugs and bass-thumbing club music.
This scene is so painfully Cinderella-esque that I was waiting for Marisa to leave a glass slipper.
This scene is so painfully Cinderella-esque that I was waiting for Marisa to leave a glass slipper.
This scene is so painfully Cinderella-esque that I was waiting for Marisa to leave a glass slipper.
It's marvelous.<br /><br />By the way, my title, about Zionists enjoying the piece is intended as Monty Python-esque tongue-in-cheek, so I hope I don't offend anyone.
 And  the biggest barrier of all is the notion that a film HAS to have a  &quot;Disney-esque&quot; ending to be a good film.
 while many contemporary films would like to paint new york city as this disney-land-esque fun town where all the women wear manolos and all the men remain one deal or one set from instant success, this film gives us an honest and bittersweet portrait of the realities of city life.
Although the overall plot was amazing, I could not help but be sidetracked by some of the ridiculously soap-opera-esque sub-plots.
Lucky for both Fred and E.B. that their paths cross when E.B. runs away from their Wonka-esque candy factory on Easter Island to pursue his dream in Hollywood!
You may pleasantly be surprised. People that enjoy Corman-esque films may give this a higher rating yet I believe that it is trying excessively hard to be campy.
You may pleasantly be surprised. People that enjoy Corman-esque films may give this a higher rating yet I believe that it is trying excessively hard to be campy.
You may pleasantly be surprised. People that enjoy Corman-esque films may give this a higher rating yet I believe that it is trying excessively hard to be campy.
It's the Giger-esque imagery that haunts the brain most here, and Scott's various tributes and nods to his filmic past make Prometheus a many-layered visual and mental splendor for cinephiles with patience, open minds and hungry eyes.
Universe-esque alien.
I thought it blended excellent elements of horror, suspense and amazing special effects into an incredible HR Giger-esque vision.
The decor and external design of the ship Prometheus looks suspiciously Nostromo-esque, David plays an almost identical role to Ash (and eventually meets a very similar end) and the film explores the same rape and childbirth-horror themes as did the original film.
And those writers? Oh geeze. Deus ex machina's ALL OVER the damn place. I especially love the Lucas-esque past, which is MORE advanced then the future?
Other than her appearance, the film is fairly engaging in a dark and understated Woody Allen-esque sort of way.
 If you're looking for a well-crafted Romero-esque film with biting and deep social commentary, this isn't your film.
You can tell the B-roll really did come from some sort of National Geographic-esque type production house because whenever they use it, there's a lot more grain than the rest of the movie.
There's one sequence where a &quot;Godfather&quot;-esque character is upset about a family member's death, tosses up his arms, and the camera literally stays with the group for a minute afterwards as the actors kick dirt around and fidget, apparently anxious for the director to yell &quot;Cut!
 The story does measure up and the cheesy special effects only add to the fun.  It's a Monty Python-esque view of space and travel  in general with great commentary on our society and its peculiarities.
It's a very Alfred Hitchcock-esque movie that offers excellent performances and a very horrific torture scene that is guaranteed not for the faint of heart, anyone who enjoys thrillers and shockers i recommend this movie.
<p>Despite all these flaws, I really enjoyed this movie. The story is fascinating and moving, and The Sixth Sense-esque approach to depict Nash's schizophrenia from his point of view worked very well.
His 90's, Bill Gates-esque character is also brilliantly portrayed, persuing his beloved while silently rubbing his success in the faces of everyone at the reunion.
 The acting was extremely organic, yet not directed and produced in a cheap, film-student-esque way.
 Disgusting, sappy, Forrest Gump-esque portrayal of a pretty little enlightened plantation darling giving black women the courage to tell their stories.
It could be the soundtrack that recalls AMERICAN GRAFFITI. It could be director Paul Thomas Anderson's Scorcese-esque approach to the filming.
 This is not the shoddy Ted Turner-esque colorization of the 1980s, and the advance of technology in the interim decades certainly shows in a positive way.
This thing has a bizarre plotline, that leads our protagonist (a geeky-Jimmy Stewart-esque kinda guy) onto an island inhabited by his uncle Boris (rightly voiced by Boris Karloff) and an army of monsters that he created.
This film is as Burton-esque as BEETLEJUICE, EDWARD SCISSORHANDS and BATMAN RETURNS (and everything else that Burton has done).
Frankenstein. Shelley Duvall and Daniel Stern play his very Leave It To Beaver-esque parents.
 Although not a highly original or edgy film, it does goes well beyond the barriers of a typical Disney-esque movie.
If Walt was willing to die, a more Eastwood-esque ending of going in guns blazing would have made a LOT more sense.
Oh, boy, was this movie offensive.<br /><br />I'm not even talking about the rampant Archie Bunker-esque racist remarks coming from the mouth of angry old Mr.
 Only Clint Eastwood can deliver the lines he does in this movie and make them work.  They're so Clint Eastwood-esque.
The Bottom Line:<br /><br />The special effects are nifty and I guess the Chinatown-esque plot is kinda fun, but the gimmick ran stale for me after the first half hour and I wanted a bit more to fall back on than Hoskins' growling and Christopher Lloyd's scenery chewing; I can see why everyone else loves it, but I was not especially enthused.
 It is not Disney-esque.
 The story is also compelling, with a rather Lord of the Rings-esque fantasy appeal.
This is Ben Stiller-esque style comedy with the subtle nuances of facial ticks and casual glances - I find Miles Chapin to be a very, very funny and charming actor!
Simon becomes Rambo-esque "Seemone," and the gang discovers a castaway.
Herbert Lom is in top form as the stalking, phantom-esque madman (this is no spoiler, as we are shown this in the first five minutes).
There is the Versace-esque Italian designer (Paul Sirvino) who must face health and family crises.
Instead I was disappointed to find an Indianna Jones-esque adventure.
He spews the Nazi-esque propaganda with nary a flaw or pause, his powerful preaching frightening convincing at times.
It also seems a little pretentious at times, particularly towards the end when Jackman experiences a Buddha-esque transcendence.
Somethings about this movie lack a lot and some might say its a Pulp Fiction-esque type movie and it is in its only little world.
This film is as Burton-esque as BEETLEJUICE, EDWARD SCISSORHANDS and BATMAN RETURNS (and everything else that Burton has done).
Frankenstein. Shelley Duvall and Daniel Stern play his very Leave It To Beaver-esque parents.
Thus, he also included the party-girl Monroe-esque character in this film.
Instead I was disappointed to find an Indianna Jones-esque adventure.
He becomes a suspect while he tracks the real killer through a Fellini-esque landscape, and still finds time to interact with his European girl friend.
Plus, he had a really dodgy Steven Segal-esque ponytail.
 Mumbles almost has this Michael Jackson-esque quality about him.
Crisp, gorgeous ice and artic landscapes, almost feels National Geographic-esque at times.
 What wil happen?  Will life imitate art and will this relationship end in Tennessee Williams-esque frustration and tragedy?
This movie contains a bit of everything: Coen-esque directing, which is always a pro, a witty screenplay, funny storyline, very well casted, etc.
 While it is emotional to watch the love story unfold, the eye-candy battle sequences, and the picture-esque view of Scotland, there seemed to be a lacking "meat" to this story.
Her craft is impeccable. It's too bad that the film falls short dramatically at times, often resorting to Disney-esque sentiment while it abandons the harsher realities of life in favor of a family friendly PG-13 rating.
She has talent, but unfortunately is stuck with the films lamest lines. People criticize the films 'Matrix-esque' effects and stunts.
It could be the soundtrack that recalls AMERICAN GRAFFITI. It could be director Paul Thomas Anderson's Scorcese-esque approach to the filming.
 In an obvious reference to/spoof of Peter Seller's work on the entire Pink Panther franchise from the intro Mancini-esque opening sequence music ala "The Return of the Pink Panther" to the bumbling detective/spy protagonist this film has actually remained a whole lot funnier than that film that upon recent viewing has truly aged very, very poorly.
Herman Rosse famous for his set designs created the other-worldly-esque, gothic watchtower laboratory.
This movie contains a bit of everything: Coen-esque directing, which is always a pro, a witty screenplay, funny storyline, very well casted, etc.
 I went into 'Charlie's Angels' wanting only to see a little Bond-esque action and, of course, Lucy Liu.
Every time the film employs cheesy '70s-esque montage sequences, every time the camera goes wicked slow when the girls toss their hair, and every time an action scene comes up (which takes things from films like The Matrix, Mission: Impossible, and True Lies), it's all a parody.
 In a Hemingway-esque turn, they all die in one way or another for a stupid wooden bridge.
 The movie, as someone mentioned, AS USUAL, was "Hollywood-esqued" but still has a wonderful surprise ending.
It's also a bit more movie-esque in the more bigger action scenes, making it a bit more dynamic.
 Probably the most appropriate scene using bad language was between Vivi and Teensie during a "chicken-esque" car scene.
Instead I was disappointed to find an Indianna Jones-esque adventure.
Ben Affleck is at his Gigli-esque worst, displaying a grand total of two emotions as the genius-level intellectual willing to wipe the memory of his work after every assignment in exchange for a few extra dollar signs.
Most of the 'Stand By Me'-esque story is done fairly well, considering.
His near silent performance steals every scene in a Chaplin / Keaton-esque way.
With its exquisite black-and-white shots of Monument Valley, assured acting, and Custer-esque storyline, "Apache" is an enduring Western winner.
I actually enjoyed the fact that Trinity took on a sort of Shaft-esque vibe, especially in the opening sequence where Blade emerges from the fire and the camera freezes at various points in the action during the credits, very much like what you'd see in a 70's blaxpoitation film.
Sometimes this film looks very Disney-esque or something out of a 60's "Wild Kingdom" episode and the narrative style complete with accompanying music will look and sound very hokey to many.
We get the sense that Wade's probing of Evans is more than just Hannibal Lecture-esque quid pro quo, where the information is used as power to exploit the owner.
Colin makes you feel like you are part of the story rather than having a story told to you - almost a Howard Zinn-esque "People's History of the Zombie Apocalypse".
But it was more than a London-esque test of manhood or rite of passage (though it was certainly that), it was the searching of a poetic soul for meaning, of a highly sensitive and intelligent kid determined to strip away the layers that came between him and the truth, to remove all the masks and see what was behind them.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
I was not disappointed with this purchase. Yes, it's absurd in a philosophical sense and I think Monty-Python-esque is a somewhat appropriate description.
THINGS TO DO IN DENVER WHEN YOU'RE DEAD does begin with somereally overt Tarantino-esque dialog and scene set up.
Young plays all of Prairie Wind plus a generous sprinkling of his other country rock-esque cuts with Prairie's excellent band and other long-time partners.
A unique Twilight Zone-esque tale with fine performances and creepy moments.
The suspense was incredible, the camera work was great (with several Hitchcock-esque shots added in the mix), the plot was nicely twisted.
 That neither Bridges nor Robbins are Superstar Icons with Tom Cruise-like looks or Schwarzenegger-esque muscles makes the film all the more believable.
Are they merely a whimsical afterthought to the plot to give the kids some cartoonish mayhem or a Fellini-esque effort to disorient the audience even further in this already baffling world?
When an important executive of the NASA-esque company where Hawke works is murdered, he becomes the prime suspect when an eyelash of his is identifed during the police investigation.
Granted, Gattaca certainly tries to be all things to all people - it sells itself variously as a Philip K. Dick-esque sci-fi, as a Tense Political Thriller, an Edgy Romance, even as a Rumination on Filial Love and Obligation - but in my book it fails badly on every count.
Plus, he had a really dodgy Steven Segal-esque ponytail.
David Lynch's take on Dune is nothing short of pretty darn good. It definitely gets weird (a.k.a. David Lynch-esque) in places, but overall the feel and tone of the movie are wonderful.
I especially loved the ending, it was original.<p>There is a Tenchi-esque feel to this series, so if you like Tenchi, you'll love this.
The story line is simple - good vs. evil, so what really carries this movie are the Matrix-esque special effects and, more than anything, the martial arts.
 <p>Amazing effects, like Li's encounter with the motorcycle cops or his Matrix-esque dodging of bullets.
The gore, in most cases, is nothing you'd find outside a BBC mystery show, and the Hellraiser-esque footage (which may even be intercut from earlier films in the series) is generic.
After a terribly stale and soap-opera-esque fifth season, Jenji Kohan and the team of writers behind this brilliant dark comedy have kicked the show back into gear.
The soft-focused, noir-esque, 1930s-style retrofuture of "Sky Captain" is a visual feast to behold, unabashedly revelling in obvious influences as Lang's "Metropolis" and B-movies of the 1930s.
No one knows who is behind this until they call Sky Captain (Jude Law) who has his own incredible James Bond-esque plane that can swim under water as well as fly.
Don't let the mild mannered Beatles' album-esque cover of this movie fool you.
The film is a gritty,  thought-provoking drama which does not feel the need to have a  Hollywood-esque 'happy' ending.
It's a great rendition of the stereotypical Hollywood-esque plummet into a drug binging lifestyle that is so often emblazoned across the tabloid newspaper covers.
 But perhaps the best change in Season 4 was the replacement of the previous seasons' melodrama with nearly Simpsons-esque humor.
 Also, many complained that Riley's alpha-male, Jimmy Stewart-esque bearing just didn't fit in with the world of Buffy, but I think that's precisely the reason his character was introduced.
At least it's a  twist on the usual cartoon-esque tone of these things.
Marvel fans may be upset that there is no cliche Stan Lee-esque radioactivity accident, or nearly Omnipotent "last son" of a dying advanced alien civilization.
At least it's a  twist on the usual cartoon-esque tone of these things.
Marvel fans may be upset that there is no cliche Stan Lee-esque radioactivity accident, or nearly Omnipotent "last son" of a dying advanced alien civilization.
They outwit the zombie-esque populous at every turn in subtle and not so subtle ways.
At least it's a  twist on the usual cartoon-esque tone of these things.
Marvel fans may be upset that there is no cliche Stan Lee-esque radioactivity accident, or nearly Omnipotent "last son" of a dying advanced alien civilization.
Very little of this film makes much sense. Even the "under the waterfall" sequence, which promised a David Hamilton-esque interlude, ultimately led nowhere as a side-plot that proved nothing that could not have been mentioned in passing.
 That's 100% good with me so right away I was expecting a Kubrick-esque film.
 That's 100% good with me so right away I was expecting a Kubrick-esque film.
Without Godard writing the blueprint on how to be a film essayist, there wouldn't be a Tarantino-esque (QT also owes a lot to Elmore Leonard, Scorsese, DePalma, and blaxploitation.
Part 5 is very brief and just has Corey Feldman waxing about his own "Halloween H20"-esque "Friday" installment brainstorm.
"Dirty Harry" is the best- complete with Missy Elliot-esque dancing Brit school children.
Yes, Dennis is a clumsy, Homer Simpson-esque buffoon, but he's also, always, human.
And there's my biggest complaint. Why do so many horror movies feel the need to use the I Know What You Did Last Summer-esque "look, there's gonna be a sequel" ending?
to be fair, they were plagued by waterworld-esque weather and location problems, and at $200 million, you really just need to get the picture finished, because hey, no one's really happy that it cost that much in the first place.
to be fair, they were plagued by waterworld-esque weather and location problems, and at $200 million, you really just need to get the picture finished, because hey, no one's really happy that it cost that much in the first place.
Oddly enough, the Bladerunner-esque buildings throughout the movie also help to establish the feeling of urgency, and the sensation of teetering on the edge of something great, something that we cannot possibly understand.
Good Fun, but dont come looking for a Tao-Bo-esque workout.
The standout is little Abigail Breslin as young Olive, who has a Dakota Fanning-esque acting talent which really makes the film.
 The whole pageant atmosphere was Fellini-esque and completely cringe-inducing.
 Everyone gives absolutely wonderful performances.  Greg Kinnear is especially pitch perfect as the "Tony Robbins-esque" motivational speaking Dad trying to land a big deal.
 At the beginning of the movie it feels like  another Star Trek - Battlestar Galactica-esque movie; you are in deep space  searching for a lost ship and then when you find it there are no life  signs.
 Add to this intriguing human-esque characters portrayed by actors of a caliber no longer seen in American television or movies (actors with the ability to convey, with heart-rending conviction, a myriad of emotions with a single glance or gesture) throw in some stunning sets, and you have a production that is unmatchable.
 And he is growing tired of it.<br /><br />In "Biscot in the Wrong Floor", actor George Biscot has Charlie Chaplin-esque flair as a Biscot, the drunk tenant who keeps finding himself sleeping in the wrong room.
The humor is timeless and hilarious; absolute must-see scenes include Zissou's rock and roll 70s copshow-esque shootout (set to the delightfull tunes of non other than Iggy himself), the ruscue mission of the bond-company stooge, and of course, the hilarious openning documentary.
With his usual all-star cast, theatre-esque shots, trademark titles, and unique use of color this strange little film leads you around by the nose to a soundtrack of David Bowie songs performed acoustic and in Portugese by one of the characters on the sea quest.
Witty Woody Allen-esque dialogue and quirky scene changes abound, and the encounter with pirates is pure garbage.
In a thick, Hollywood-esque Eastern European accent, Ramtha tells us about the wonders of Quantum Physics and how it is the first science to even come close to explaining magic and miracles.
 The apes inhabit a Flintstone-esque city and are divided into three different castes, the Orangutangs, who are the politicans and keepers of the faith, and seemingly the caste in absolute control, the Gorillas, whoa re the workers and the soldiers, and who seem to occupy the lowest position, and the Chimpanzees, who are the scientists and intellectuals.
They are cardboard cutout characters that are simply there to quote Tarantino-esque dialogue.
The second half, shot in glorious Technicolor (except for a Kill Bill-esque slip into black and white), is immaculately shot and acted, Tarantino circling the camera around his girls in a seven minute uninterrupted take like a consummate pro.
For Quentin Tarantino's sixth full-length film, we are treated to a John Carpenter-esque stalker/slasher movie that, oddly enough, features a man behind a wheel doing all the damage.
Five minutes later, after a brief interlude with the Coen-esque sherrif and his gormless sidekick, Tarantino is back to pointing the camera at babes in cars(different ones this time).
It could be the soundtrack that recalls AMERICAN GRAFFITI. It could be director Paul Thomas Anderson's Scorcese-esque approach to the filming.
As for the human cast, Brendan Fraser, here a hapless stunt man whose dad just happens to be a 007-esque spy star both in character and for real (played broadly, if briefly, by ex-Bond Timothy Dalton), is a little bland, and the normally witty Jenna Elfman is mostly eye candy as the studio exec.
 I had low expectations, thinking it was going to be a typical gross-out, Adam Sandler-esque comedy, with fart jokes and lots of T&A.
Very Tarantino-esque, but Duffy leaves Tarantino for dead.
I was more or less expecting a Tarantino-esque crime movie with some wierdass characters and lots of cursing, which is more or less what I got.
I would've preferred either a longer film with a more fleshed out progression of events, or a more Tarantino/Scorcese-esque approach giving the actors more time to indulge us with their characters peculiarities.
To start, Boondock Saints is blatently inspired by the Tarentino-esque style that has seemed to become popular among the indie crowd lately.
Boondock Saints is an odd movie, know that going in.  It has some Tarantino-esque violence and surreal humor.
In a Skywalker-esque plot twist at the end, the three team up to execute a mobster as he pleads innocent in the courtroom.
 And I'll take a good Tarantino-esque vibe anyday.
 The "Dutch" guy appears out of nowhere, and he's made out to be some sort of super-killer, Hannible Lector-esque character but the only thing really said about him was something like "they only use him when things get really bad.
In fact, my brother is the bloke with the Cool for Cat-esque SQUEEZE tattoo you see in this documentary.
Unlike the so-so comic book-esque TOMBSTONE, WYATT EARP tells the real story and takes its time doing so.
 This duo evidently wanted to capture a somber Louis L'Amour-esque look on-screen (the costuming is a dead giveaway), as their tragic interpretation of Earp's life story often resembles an Old West version of "The Godfather," replacing mobsters with frontier cops.
 Returning to Missouri to study law under his grandfather (Giorgio E. Tripoli), a judge, he revives a Dante-esque romance with Urilla Sutherland (Annabeth Gish), marries her, loses her to typhoid within a year, and goes on a nine-month drunk that ends when he steals a horse and is bailed out by his father.
Unfortunately it doesn't seem to shake off the problems that have often been an issue in Smallville.  Some soap opera-esque drama, poor cgi, and anticlimactic conclusions to story arcs.
A second rate villian turns out to be a first rate adoptive father even though he<br />lives in an "Addams-esque" home filled with bombs, rocket and Minons that look like<br />snack food.
 The fighting is spot on and even the banter is Star wars-esque.
 He soon abondons his Kafka-esque existence and stops going to work, dumps his nagging b**tch of a girlfriend, and gets the courage to ask out a disgruntled waitress (Aniston).
Unfortunately it doesn't seem to shake off the problems that have often been an issue in Smallville.  Some soap opera-esque drama, poor cgi, and anticlimactic conclusions to story arcs.
To begin with, it's cool, like Steve McQueen-meets-noir cool, with a taciturn, Chandler-esque hero Joe Mannix (played by Mike Connors) who takes threats, setbacks and violence in his stride.
One noteworthy feature is Kidman's foot stamping, spoiled child performance, which culminates in a toddler-esque rant to the fiance she abandoned about how nothing is her fault.
Striving too hard for an "artsy" vibe, the movie's flow is interrupted by awkward pauses, soap opera-esque zooming on characters' staring expressions and a very odd final sequence.
Blending period drama, Shogun Assassin-style ultra-violence, comedy and Stomp-esque musical interludes, Takeshi Kitano's "Zatoichi" is probably the most audacious film to have come out of Japan so far this decade.
 The female member of the posse is wearing Destiny's Child-esque midriff shirts.
 He was the Salinger-esque character that was well defined, strong, and understandable.
When these two worlds collide, what happens, but laughter and very disney-esque singing.
It's about an animated world's evil witch-queen that casts a Snow-White-esque character into real world NYC in order to keep The Prince from marrying her.
Princess Giselle (Amy Adams) is a young, Snow White-esque character that spends her days cleaning her house, singing with her animal friends and awaiting the day her prince charming will come and sweep her off of her feet.
 Sure I look better which helps, but it seems that since turbo jam is a lot of dancing and taebo-esque moves, I'm more flexible and more, I suppose loose, is the only other word to describe it.
The Isaac Asimov-esque robot, the massive flood, the large-scale destruction of the undercity, the masses of vehicles travelling outside, the huge interactive set-pieces - every visual element of this movie is absolutely stunning.
In the far future in a large New York-esque city, it seems workers are struggling with people called "Thinkers" who are like the bosses that makes plans and being a big corporation.
Without Godard writing the blueprint on how to be a film essayist, there wouldn't be a Tarantino-esque (QT also owes a lot to Elmore Leonard, Scorsese, DePalma, and blaxploitation.
The annoying Disney-esque familiar to our villain, Rasputan, is an obnoxious little white bat (which channels Iago from Aladdin) who inexplicably moves from being a sinister and vindictive side-kick to an unwilling and disinterested participant to his master's evil scheme.
While some dramatic license was taken with the storyline, &quot;Joseph&quot; thankfully eschews Disney-esque asides, superflous fantasy characters or expanded romantic angles (Joseph's love and marriage to Asenath is simply part of the story).
And there's my biggest complaint. Why do so many horror movies feel the need to use the I Know What You Did Last Summer-esque "look, there's gonna be a sequel" ending?
 Or maybe it's the Percy-esque element of his films.
 (You can immediately see the difference the moment Charles Previn's George Gerschwin-esque music kicks in).
 In 2004, Rob Thomas' Chandler-esque take on high school hit UPN (and later the CW) as "<a href="http://www.
 It's a surreal and haunting work of art:  the lighting, the faces, the music, editing, the Hammett-esque dialog.
Hungary, by contrast, was nothing but a Disney-esque version of what a communist country ought to have looked like in the mid 50-ies and had it not been for the stupid folk music and the B&W film I would have sworn I'd seen the set somewhere else.
In the book, there's a fierce dog that bites people's fingers off if they try to leave. Very Burton-esque.
It's not your typical creepy, trippy Tim Burton movie. It's carnival-esque, colorful, funny, and well-written.
Rather, you long for more of his father's adventures, which are full of unexpected people, Burton-esque places and understated intelligence.
 The Kill-Bill-esque animated scene is neat but still not needed.
 If that matters to you.<br /><br />Apparently there are a lot of tokers who love this kind of Tarantino-esque stuff along with their pot-themed Apatow comedy, but it mostly just didn't work for me.
This incident would begin the buddy comedy-esque story filled with cat and mouse style pursuing, ridiculous humor in between, moderate violence and a shootout towards the end of the flick.
Some might find the comparison unfair, but it really isn't. Both have that Jerry Bruckheimer-esque action quality to them.
 The fighting is spot on and even the banter is Star wars-esque.
 no problems here. the movie  begins to fall apart with some of its more Matrix-esque fight scenes.
You may pleasantly be surprised. People that enjoy Corman-esque films may give this a higher rating yet I believe that it is trying excessively hard to be campy.
Combining all the signature elements that we've come to expect (and love) from the Quays, with an almost Greenaway-esque sense of narrative.
Also, if you can't get the rights to Beatle music, don't try to do "Beatle-esque" music that sounds like a bad lounge act.
 The cinematography is the strongest aspect of this movie.  You'll be transported into a beautiful Eden-esque valley that seems too good to be true.
They truly come across as buddies for life.<br /><br />The story is simple: a B-movie-esque scenario where giant man-eating subterranean monsters (big wormlike things called aptly named Graboids) start plucking man and animal from the surface in a remote desert town.
(my least favorite part is easily the way that, when the vampires bite, their mouths extend to a ludicrous Steven Tyler-esque proportion.
It was his cunning and wisdom that defeated Dracula, not a rapid fire cross bow and Dresden Files-esque duster.
Jimbob" in these pages) that this is a modern Kurosawa-esque film.
 He has zero, and I mean no chemistry with the barbie-esque Christie, who only needs a gingham dress to remind me of one of the gals from Petticoat Junction.
They are cardboard cutout characters that are simply there to quote Tarantino-esque dialogue.
The second half, shot in glorious Technicolor (except for a Kill Bill-esque slip into black and white), is immaculately shot and acted, Tarantino circling the camera around his girls in a seven minute uninterrupted take like a consummate pro.
For Quentin Tarantino's sixth full-length film, we are treated to a John Carpenter-esque stalker/slasher movie that, oddly enough, features a man behind a wheel doing all the damage.
Five minutes later, after a brief interlude with the Coen-esque sherrif and his gormless sidekick, Tarantino is back to pointing the camera at babes in cars(different ones this time).
Another "Interpreter"-esque drama about the plight of Africa and the West's role in exacerbating it.
This particular movie is not Harry Potter. It is Harry Potter-esque.
Harry is a suitably stroppy teenager, in fact really stroppy, and the whole plot seems to be fairly "woe is me"-esque.
Why would he cut an important keystone of the book's plot? Yet he decides to replace that with Cuban Missile Crisis-esque conflict down on Earth, which feels incredibly irrelevant in present year of 2004.
 My only real issue was with the Shakira-esque night club number.
It could be the soundtrack that recalls AMERICAN GRAFFITI. It could be director Paul Thomas Anderson's Scorcese-esque approach to the filming.
 As the story moves towards its inevitable, Akira-esque conclusion, the revolutionary workers in the city attempt to gain control, although it becomes clear they are merely pawns of a larger force.
Ends with an Akira-esque apocalyptic "intended-climax" (I use the term 'climax' advisedly, for it is anything but) in which everything blows up.
It's very touching, almost!); "Small Openings" (Saffy writes a "Mommie Dearest"-esque play that Edina and Pats initially object to, but then later become friends with the people that play them!
 You get scenes of little kid gang wars, a STAND BY ME-esque sojourne, family conflict, and the usual school competition where everyone bands together to win.
 The show here is a sleezy Jerry-Springer-esque show, just to increase the pressure for the main character, played by Brittany Murphy.
 If you're looking for a good Meg Ryan-esque light-hearted comedy, look elsewhere.
This movie had way too much Full Metal Alchemist and 20% of it felt Naruto-esque.
A gratuitous music video-esque performance by singer Ashanti chops up the flow of the plot and seems out of place in the middle of the film.
(He deserves the compliment of 'Kubrick-esque' for this work.
The city becomes something of an "Omega Man-esque" metroscape where everything is available for the taking but lurking in the darkness wait the afflicted ready to attack.
His near silent performance steals every scene in a Chaplin / Keaton-esque way.
 Lavish production values are also evident in "Lucy, the Co-Ed", in which Lucy and the kids star in a 1920's "Good News"-esque college musical written by Harry (Gale Gordon).
 Also some of these fantasy scenes are a touch `python-esque' as well, especially where there is a troop of dancing policemen in fish-net tights!
Wow!<br /><br />Climbing ladders to the stars, dancing policemen in mini-skirts (very Python-esque), crazy trappings, screwy colors -- a druggie's dream for sure.
A beautiful stark film. An amazing story, almost Disney-esque about young heroines refusing to accept their fate.
The actors are easy on the eyes and believable (particularly the low-key, girl-next-door-esque Lori Heuring).
The actors are easy on the eyes and believable (particularly the low-key, girl-next-door-esque Lori Heuring).
 If one of them sees you, and you're either on to something alien-esque or just plain annoying the bureaucrats--they give you a hand written invitation to a mysterious office in City Hall.
Also noteworthy for its sprawl and ensemble work, both of which are Altman-esque.
This was very Altman-esque, with lots of activity and talk at once making the subtitles difficult to follow.
a stately mansion/castle w/ intensely loyal servants and a cavalcade of one-of-a-kind gizmos and James-Bond-esque weapons and gadgets, not to mention a garage full of Jaguars, Porsches and BMW's.
 His fascination with the Garbo-esque youth is understandable, but the scenario takes us on endless journey that ultimately goes only .
 If one of them sees you, and you're either on to something alien-esque or just plain annoying the bureaucrats--they give you a hand written invitation to a mysterious office in City Hall.
Some seem to find this grating, but I'm a major fan of this technique. Slow motion lends a battle that classic Peckinpah-esque gritty brutality, and it's used to spectacular effect in "Watchmen".
Manhattan (Billy Crudup) who is a god-like Superman-esque blue skinned being with unique powers, sexy Silk Spectre (Malin Akerman) and very smart and brilliant crimefighter NightOwl (Patrick Wilson) all join together to try to solve the mystery of the Comedian's death.
Manhattan is the god-like power; Rorschach is the Batman-esque thirst to avenge crime; Night Owl II is a bored rich kid; Silk Spectre II is obliged, etc.
The few moments that were supposed to be funny, weren't. A Jerry Springer-esque talk show moment made it that much worse.
Manhattan (Billy Crudup) who is a Superman-esque immortal god of powers, blank masked avenger Roschach (Jackie Earl Haley), sexy buttkicker Silk Spectre (Malin Akerman) and intelligent Batman-esque Nightowl (Patrick Wilson) are together trying to untangle the mystery of who killed Comedian.
Ironically, music from Danny Elfman also succeeds in giving this film that sort of superhero, Burton Batman-esque feel as well, which is a strange coincidence considering they were all made around the same period, but with vastly different reception.
It is also great to see Deborah Harry reprise her Intimate Stranger-esque phone sex role too.
 I used to think Burchuladse was affecting his exaggeratedly deep vowels and Hotter-esque wobble but watching him I see it's just his natural vocal shape and size, which are extreme.
 Don't let that keep you away.  The film moves quickly, is exciting and has a decent score(a very Goblin-esque score from Fabio Frizzi).
The Ant Bully (John A. Davis, 2006)<br /><br />Davis (Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius) returns with this Pixar-esque kids' flick that is, in reality, not for kids.
 It almost reminded me of the Japanese series Lone Wolf & Cub, especially the showdown in the Kurosawa-esque oppressive, sheeting rain.
But that's so strange, isn't it,...Tom Hanks in a mobster-esque role,.
 It almost reminded me of the Japanese series Lone Wolf & Cub, especially the showdown in the Kurosawa-esque oppressive, sheeting rain.
But that's so strange, isn't it,...Tom Hanks in a mobster-esque role,.
 Opportunity presents itself in the person of Briney-esque Cora Corman (Haley Bennett, delightfully loopy), who wants a new song using a line provided by her favorite guru.
Brooks" with a graphic novel-esque feel not unlike `A History of Violence', especially with Hurt again hamming it up in a campy cameo type performance that is hard to beat.
 But a dreadfully dull Tarzan-esque battle with the main villainess, unrealistic bullet dodging, and an anti-climactic airplane crash quickly rescind this action vehicle's license to thrill.
Hilarious stunts, ridiculous cheesy little Spielberg-esque asides (the drunk in the alley), horrible one-liners.
A child of Nietzsche-esque tendencies Paloma is a suffering being who feels she is destined to grow into nothing.
Haha. (Ok, so thats only funny if you've seen it.) I love the opening credits in this piece- the cuckoo clock-esque characters in their cookie cutter houses.
In its attempt to be another American Beauty-esque slice of suburban life, The Safety of Objects becomes a caricature of itself.
 Speaking of which, the A.T.F shows up, and a Wacco-esque standoff ensues.
 I went into 'Charlie's Angels' wanting only to see a little Bond-esque action and, of course, Lucy Liu.
Every time the film employs cheesy '70s-esque montage sequences, every time the camera goes wicked slow when the girls toss their hair, and every time an action scene comes up (which takes things from films like The Matrix, Mission: Impossible, and True Lies), it's all a parody.
Do I want to see Cera be more like Vin Diesel? Of course not. Would we like to see Black be more Dinero-esque?
Black's weird/stoned facial gestures, Cera's  awkwardness, and Beavis and Butthead-esque jokes comprise the bulk of this movie's humor.
No, no Kafka-esque sense of danger.
This particular movie is not Harry Potter. It is Harry Potter-esque.
Harry is a suitably stroppy teenager, in fact really stroppy, and the whole plot seems to be fairly "woe is me"-esque.
 But perhaps the best change in Season 4 was the replacement of the previous seasons' melodrama with nearly Simpsons-esque humor.
 Also, many complained that Riley's alpha-male, Jimmy Stewart-esque bearing just didn't fit in with the world of Buffy, but I think that's precisely the reason his character was introduced.
Add to this powder keg the Billy Jack-esque Indian guy that wants to preserve the land.
 To his credit, he doesn't rip off John Williams, though the music does have a Bernard Herrman-esque sound to it.
 Yep, toss in the Shatner-esque late model Doug McLure, an evil  Vic Morrow, and a few dozen convincing salmon monsters and you have a  Corman classic.
 Never  mind the boyfriends, they're quickly dispatched in a shower of red dye.  Marvel at the Prophecy-esque sub-plot between the local Indian trying to  save his land and Vic Morrow, resident bully.
 Opportunity presents itself in the person of Briney-esque Cora Corman (Haley Bennett, delightfully loopy), who wants a new song using a line provided by her favorite guru.
However, what blew me away the most wasn't the fullness of the blockbuster-esque sound effects, but the subtlety of the dynamics and all the little noises.
I think both are partially correct; the idea of the Rube Goldberg-esque supernatural death almost certainly came down to Final Destination through the original Omen, but the feel of the deaths here is very twenty-first century.
That Georgios guy, who clearly is the money behind it all, is one Sagan-esque engaging erudite.
Okay, perhaps it was not at the level of `Michael Moore'-esque conspiracy theories, but after witnessing such disasters as The Whole Ten Yards, Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights, and Exorcist: The Beginning you have to wonder why studios would intentionally ruin viable stand-alone films.
I like Mr. Quaid. I think that his often-exasperated mannerisms are enjoyable, almost Jack Nicholson-esque at times.
This movie is not a documentary, neither does it have a story / narrative driving events.  It is an undisputably Altman-esque view of life in a successful ballet company, in this case the Joffrey Ballet Company.
There was just enough of her romance with Josh to satisfy me, and none of the soap opera-esque drama that ruined Center Stage.
 The Turning Point without the older generation.<br /><br />Neve Campbell is an up and coming dancer with a Joffrey-esque dance company.
 The dancing sequences are spectacular--Altman appreciates and savors each of them, without doing any heavily MTV-esque editing.
 Sounded like good old Kaufmann-esque fun to me.
Hayden Christensen portrays "Quinn" as a thinly veiled Bob Dylan-esque musician who tries to show Edie the shallowness of the Warhol Factory and ultimately becomes the thing that tears Edie and Warhol apart.
As far as Hayden Christensen is concerned who's playing the obvious Bob Dylan-esque character, he's likable since he seems to be the only sane one in the bunch.
Regardless, the show was still Saved By The Bell-esque enough to keep viewers tuned in.
 the plot is a little too woody allen-esque with all the rich actor/actress/painter/intellectual types who have mid-life problems and talk about it over white wine.
 The script reminded me of someone trying to be Quentin Tarantino-esque, but falling pitifully short.
 One of the reasons I liked this movie so much was that it just seemed so Corman-esque in nature, like it was made just for the hell of it.
Custer?..."<br /><br />For refusing any criticism of the Vietnam War, the movie gains a Rambo-esque look.
Why is that? First off, the previews made it seem like a Naked Gun-esque spoof, of which I am a big fan of those types of movies.
It's true. A talking alien plant set to take over the world, a hero out of a zero, three Ronettes-esque ladies with fantastic voices, a sadistic dentist - this movie is awesome.
Add some bizarre Monty Python-esque moments, copious nudity and implied sex, and a strange narration by a superfluous character--and this movie completely baffled me.
Overall, this is a great DVD.  It gets a little "documentary-esque" at times, but it's full of fascinating archaeological information and research.
The story line is simple - good vs. evil, so what really carries this movie are the Matrix-esque special effects and, more than anything, the martial arts.
 <p>Amazing effects, like Li's encounter with the motorcycle cops or his Matrix-esque dodging of bullets.
The story line is simple - good vs. evil, so what really carries this movie are the Matrix-esque special effects and, more than anything, the martial arts.
 <p>Amazing effects, like Li's encounter with the motorcycle cops or his Matrix-esque dodging of bullets.
David Lynch's take on Dune is nothing short of pretty darn good. It definitely gets weird (a.k.a. David Lynch-esque) in places, but overall the feel and tone of the movie are wonderful.
 The fighting is spot on and even the banter is Star wars-esque.
This leads him to bust up a scheme by an Illuminati-esque group of businessmen to control a major natural resource.
 I would have loved to have seen a Matthew Fox-esque emotive rant that LOST fans have come to appreciate, but it just never happened.
The villain is appropriately slimy and lizard-esque.
Did I mention it's hilarious and the tunes are infectious? I think Reefer Madness is worthy of a Rocky Horror-esque cult following.
The production value is top notch. The special effects are really good and hold up really well even in our "matrix-esque" era.
As a huge fan of 2001: A Space Odyssey, the 80's aesthetic, analog synthesizers, 60's cults, drugs, Cronenberg-esque villians, and dated depictions of the future, this film is a complete home run for me.
 This after his picture-esque Norman Rockwell-type family is uprooted by the kidnapping of his nine-year-old daughter.
The evil, zombie-esque monarch has plans to use the pig's abilities to locate the Black Cauldron, a demonic, enchanted cauldron with the power to create an army of undead and unstoppable warriors.
It's also a bit more movie-esque in the more bigger action scenes, making it a bit more dynamic.
In a Pacino/DeNiro-esque face-off, Wong and Sam smugly challenge each other to find their respective moles.
This is a brilliantly conceived Michael Mann-esque police drama.
Cinematically, it's done in kind of a Sofia Coppola-esque way.
Brazil belongs to a tradition that include both the Kafka-esque & the Monty Python-esque.
The soundtrack is  fantastic, too - lots of edgy 'braindance' from Warp-esque artists,  available on a great CD.
There's a groovy soundtrack featuring some Warp-esque techno acts, lots of quotable lines, and although the central story is basically Arthur C.
There's a certain Fargo-esque quality, given the snowy Minnesota setting.
Deep Roy (from "Big Fish" and "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory") sneaks in too, as the Napoleon-esque skelton.
The story is much closer to one of the Grimm's Fairy Tales, with no Tim Burton-esque moments added.
Sounds Ashton Kutcher-esque to me.
The piano duet sequence with Victor and Victoria playing a moody, Chopin-esque<br /><br />piece is moving, while the underground creatures warble wild Fats Waller-meets-Offenbach numbers.
Ashley Judd was WAY too Hollywood-esque (is that a word?
The Bottom Line:<br /><br />Though the ending feels somewhat Twilight Zone-esque and doesn't measure up to the rest of the screenplay, this is by and large an exceptionally well-written and acted movie that hurtles through its 138 minute running length and hardly feels a bit dated.
 The cinematography is the strongest aspect of this movie.  You'll be transported into a beautiful Eden-esque valley that seems too good to be true.
fun.  Chameleon-esque bounty hunters (Flanagan), sexy black widows (Keys and Henson), brute force anarchists (Pine, Durand, and Sterling), mookish bail bondsmen (Affleck), wild cards, and black suits descend on the Nomad on the same fatal day.
**1/2<br /><br />Joe Carnahan`s "Smokin' Aces" is a Tarantino-esque crime drama with a cast of characters almost as extensive  as the one in "War and Peace.
 I really enjoyed them and am very glad to have them in my collection.  "First Men in the Moon" is almost Disney-esque in it's quality.
 In what seems like a Kaufman-esque joke on his audience Carrey reverts back to his Ace Ventura form as a split personality, so misrepresented, so misdiagnosed that I wonder if the writers bothered to pick up a medical book in researching this.
There's a lot of good relationships, some movie-esque episodes, still no-need for a laugh track, more action, and another season finale that doesn't disappoint.
His angelic choir, a trio of female backup singers, is magnificent. The guitarist provides Knopfler-esque lead lines, and his "wind instrument" and keyboard players add richness to the mix.
 Large explosions and violence countered with a sneaky Sneakers-esque style subplot overshadowed the plot.
 "Amateur Hour" did NOT have the glitz and glamour of today's talent shows - and (thank God) not even a Simon Cowell-esque personality.
 This is not the shoddy Ted Turner-esque colorization of the 1980s, and the advance of technology in the interim decades certainly shows in a positive way.
Did I just drool? It did feel a bit Terminator-esque at points, but thankfully, it managed to get past that, and turn into an actually alright movie.
With modern westerns becoming more and more watered down into Michael Bay-esque shoot-out snoozefests, it's hard to find that progressive story line that used to be commonplace in the true westerns of the 50's, 60's and 70's.
fun.  Chameleon-esque bounty hunters (Flanagan), sexy black widows (Keys and Henson), brute force anarchists (Pine, Durand, and Sterling), mookish bail bondsmen (Affleck), wild cards, and black suits descend on the Nomad on the same fatal day.
**1/2<br /><br />Joe Carnahan`s "Smokin' Aces" is a Tarantino-esque crime drama with a cast of characters almost as extensive  as the one in "War and Peace.
Sure, he has his share of American Pie-esque moments (an affair with his coach's wife rings a bell), but it's the bulk of the emotion of the film that falls on him.
Richard Robbins Glass-esque score was fresh and hypnotic, transporting us into the lush greenery and richly cloistered environment of the old house.
Another "Interpreter"-esque drama about the plight of Africa and the West's role in exacerbating it.
Stark, strange existentialist dialogue (and exchanged matchbooks) and low, burbly Broken Social Scene-esque carries it.
Very Tarantino-esque, but Duffy leaves Tarantino for dead.
I was more or less expecting a Tarantino-esque crime movie with some wierdass characters and lots of cursing, which is more or less what I got.
I would've preferred either a longer film with a more fleshed out progression of events, or a more Tarantino/Scorcese-esque approach giving the actors more time to indulge us with their characters peculiarities.
To start, Boondock Saints is blatently inspired by the Tarentino-esque style that has seemed to become popular among the indie crowd lately.
Boondock Saints is an odd movie, know that going in.  It has some Tarantino-esque violence and surreal humor.
In a Skywalker-esque plot twist at the end, the three team up to execute a mobster as he pleads innocent in the courtroom.
 And I'll take a good Tarantino-esque vibe anyday.
 The "Dutch" guy appears out of nowhere, and he's made out to be some sort of super-killer, Hannible Lector-esque character but the only thing really said about him was something like "they only use him when things get really bad.
 This is just a cleverly written, simply wonderful Agatha Christie-esque thriller with the added bonus of a very 70s kitsch factor - do not let yourself miss "The Last of Sheila"!
She and Soul are pretty darn close), or obsessing over clothing that isn't her signature Underworld-esque cloak.
Anderson's Event Horizon.<br /><br />In all the film shoes great potential and I suspect that if not for the horror-esque twist for the final quarter of the picture, Sunshine would eventually find favor with the science fiction community at large as perhaps one of the most underrated pieces to come out of London, or for that matter, anywhere.
A few early shots which weave through shadowy corridors and dance about dimly lit Giger-esque passageways immediately foreshadow ominous events.
Although the initial aspirations of "Sunshine" are lost in its B-movie, slasher-esque finale, the film does tie up nicely.
But we found that after a few weeks we were still thinking about it. It has a great Alien-esque feel.
A few early shots which weave through shadowy corridors and dance about dimly lit Giger-esque passageways immediately foreshadow ominous events.
 The cast does a great job of setting the mood and none of it feels lame or B-movie-esque.
Still, the Zombie-esque finale doesn't quite fit.
I have to admit that I liked the epcot-esque city in which this story is based.
Even the slapstick style humor was weak; almost Benny Hill-esque.
 <p>Danny Devito plays what may well have been his last truly funny role, made all the more hilarious because his Brando-esque character takes himself almost as seriously as DeVito takes himself these days.
Although the opening few minutes felt more TV-esque than magical, they were quickly whisked away by the sumptuous middle and ending of the film.
It's not an episode of 'Friends'. It's a fun, off-beat, Tim Burton-esque fairytale more in the style of 'Big Fish' than Narnia.
Although the opening few minutes felt more TV-esque than magical, they were quickly whisked away by the sumptuous middle and ending of the film.
It's not an episode of 'Friends'. It's a fun, off-beat, Tim Burton-esque fairytale more in the style of 'Big Fish' than Narnia.
 The film is graced by a Mancini-esque, hepcat-cool music score composed by Neil Hefti; again, a perfect product of its time.
Senator seeking the Presidential nomination on the heels of his McCarthy-esque tirades against communists in the government.
 The McCarthy-esque anticommunism of the Iselins brilliantly hides the fact that the conspiracy is more real than even the Iselins publically let on, as we see when we find the identity of Shaw's American operator.
Levy, very Emma Stone-esque, is perfect as the wizened yet cynical protagonist.
This is not a boring documentary nor is it the Disney-esque fare that you seen in the trailer, however its not depressing by any means.
What an "artist"! It doesn't look like a cheap copy of every other CD (or DVD) she's made with a little bit more Britney-esque sluttiness to try and sell it.
 However, although they do the best they can, there is no saving this banal, movie of the week-esque movie.
If you don't care how stupid the jokes are, how idiotic the acting and plot is, how they thought to fit a Godzilla-esque fight seen in the middle and just want to be entertained down to the tiny hairs growing at the end of your toes buy this.
It's true. A talking alien plant set to take over the world, a hero out of a zero, three Ronettes-esque ladies with fantastic voices, a sadistic dentist - this movie is awesome.
Throw in a disgruntled Jabba-esque Scotsman who knows just the wrong things to say, and a few especially nasty gross-out moments (Austin drinking an ersatz cup o&#8217; joe, and the infamous tent scene), and you have a little something for everybody!
 This film was a great adaptation of the graphic novel, New Frontier.  The characters are all drawn in a Kirby-esque style.
The action scenes are tight, with Matrix-esque slow motion shots, crazy camera angles and an emphasis on heavy gun play, indicative of producer John Woo's style.
It is cleverly and artfully presented, with Chuck Jones'  trademark Looney Tunes-esque animation, and a sweet little story, which,  though rather slim, holds the viewer's interest for every single one of its  eighty-six minutes.
Very artsy. Kafka-esque plot about paranoia and insanity.
 The ending is Capra-esque but, hey, imitation is the sincerest form of flattery.
 The ending is Capra-esque but, hey, imitation is the sincerest form of flattery.
And it never strays to the realm of the over-the-top murder tales that are full of larger-than-life characters and Clue-esque easy answers.
I can see why this long pregnant wait leaves some viewers wraught. But personally I found this Agatha Christie-esque unravelling of each individual's idiosynchrasies fascinating, because it sets up a "motive" for several of our characters.
It's twice as much fun if many people COULD have executed the murder. <p>Enter: Stephen Fry as a very Sherlock Holmes-esque investigator, pipe and trenchcoat and all.
It perfectly shows how antagonistic the rats are compared to the Nutcracker's cheery, colorful world. The steampunk-esque technology the rats use make them quite intimidating.
Except for the lack of violence this was a decent Romero-esque zombie film laden with characters you could both identify and empathize with.
 But perhaps the best change in Season 4 was the replacement of the previous seasons' melodrama with nearly Simpsons-esque humor.
 Also, many complained that Riley's alpha-male, Jimmy Stewart-esque bearing just didn't fit in with the world of Buffy, but I think that's precisely the reason his character was introduced.
showing him scruffy with facial hair most of the film, overweight with a paunch belly, and jovial homo-esque eroticisms with the Woody Harrelson (Stan Lloyd) character.
She's in nearly every frame, and she's a marvel with the kind Garbo-esque screen presence: whether she's saying a wicked line or casting a wicked glance, you're falling for her.
The trio winds up in a Bohemian, free-spirited Manhattan, bonding with Joplin-esque singer, Sadie (Dana Fuchs), Hendrix-inspired rocker, JoJo (Martin Luther McCoy), and sensitive lesbian, Prudence (T.
 Some of the harmonies were nice, and I enjoyed the rocking versions by the Janis-Joplin-esque Sadie.
Robert, a shaman,  (played and sung by Bono, who - with an American accent, channels Ringo and is even Dylan-esque in his cultural references) who sings I Am the Walrus.
Imagine "I Am Legend" being remade for roughly $50,000 and you have this movie's flavor. Zombie-esque vampire plague destroys most of America, leaving a few enclave towns (oddly) untouched and most of the nation a wasteland.
I don't know if Damici is a great actor (this is the first time I've seen his work), but he fits this Eastwood-esque role like a worn leather glove.
 The difference is this: Julian Fellowes' Forsythe Saga-esque script has less to do with the actual historicity of Titanic and more to do with a grand soap opera dealing with class structure in the early part of the 20th century.
And while Faye undeniably gets the right bandmember in the end, Lamarr the concierge's 'Love Boat'-esque intervention in the process is wholly unnecessary.
 Hearing the name Joss Whedon attached to the film, I had visions of Buffy-esque plot twists gone sci-fi.
I wish I had some idea of where and how it was filmed. The thoughtfulness of it is Kurosawa-esque.
Kite and Black Rose (especially Black Rose) are rendered in an overly cutesy, superdeformed-esque style which I wasn't particularly fond of.
The concept of the film itself is genius and has an H.P. Lovecraft-esque feel to it, the performances are just outstanding and the special effects still hold up in this digital age.
As you can imagine, the tension rises as everyone accuses everyone else of being an alien, and a Macarthy-esque hunt ensues.
With modern westerns becoming more and more watered down into Michael Bay-esque shoot-out snoozefests, it's hard to find that progressive story line that used to be commonplace in the true westerns of the 50's, 60's and 70's.
its..."mature" aspects. No there's no sex but there's some small amounts of violence(don't worry, nothing Sleepy Hollow-esque here).
There's of course the paladin-esque superheroes like Spider-Man or Superman and there's the anti-heroes like Wolverine or Batman (at his best, so long as he doesn't delve into Miller-machismo).
Dead End finds the pack of forest dwelling inbred cannibals stalking the cast and crew of a reality TV, Survivor-esque show.
Her more Betty Page-esque comic book counterpart might have given the film a problem securing a PG rating.
 well what is it then?  Hmm . . it's a strange mixture of a film.  For the most part the  film is a Warhol-esque depiction of a troubled artist (Fererra under the  pseudonym Jimmy Lane) descending into madness and paranoia, padded out with  art-lessly shot footage of drugged out punks and all set against a heavy  rock soundtrack.
From outer space, a space experiment involving Slug-esque creatures has been launched to Earth in the year 1959.
 This is not the shoddy Ted Turner-esque colorization of the 1980s, and the advance of technology in the interim decades certainly shows in a positive way.
If not for the PG-13 rating, G.I. Joe-esque "laser bullets," and occasional moments of cheese and campiness, I'd probably be so bold as to consider this "quintessential" for action junkies.
 Stratham demonstrates his kick-boxing talents and makes mush out of anyone who crosses him.  But it's the suave, Bond-esque manner in which his character conducts his "business" that makes this a really cool flick.
They lost the meaning and it proved to be a typical Twilight Zone-esque horror movie without much intellectual content.
But there's a decent amount of Adam Sandler-esque slapstick comedy bits to be entertaining.
Very John Waters-esque, darkly funny comedy about a housewife (Carroll Baker) who supplements her income as a hair remover by running a murder  racket, specializing in hit ladies who take out kids and animals.
I guess I rented it just out of curiosity to see how it compared to all the other Woody Allen-esque excuses for borderline jailbait romances I assumed it would be just based on the cover.
Haha. (Ok, so thats only funny if you've seen it.) I love the opening credits in this piece- the cuckoo clock-esque characters in their cookie cutter houses.
In its attempt to be another American Beauty-esque slice of suburban life, The Safety of Objects becomes a caricature of itself.
 Neither is it merely the postmodern fantasy of a director of the surreal.<p>Artificial Intelligence is a Siddartha-esque journey film, a story of a quest for identity and the meaning of life, and to a lesser degree, the documentary of some of the more important symbols of our cultural understanding of those questions.
 A very thought provoking, very dark, Kubrick-esque movie, and I commend Spielberg for pulling it off.
 Neither is it merely the postmodern fantasy of a director of the surreal.<p>Artificial Intelligence is a Siddartha-esque journey film, a story of a quest for identity and the meaning of life, and to a lesser degree, the documentary of some of the more important symbols of our cultural understanding of those questions.
 A very thought provoking, very dark, Kubrick-esque movie, and I commend Spielberg for pulling it off.
<p>Pacino gives a tour de force performance, delivering his lines with typical Pacino-esque vigor.
 The Kafka-esque storyline is meant to be so outrageous as to be funny and if taken in that spirit many of the scenes are very entertaining indeed.
 He has zero, and I mean no chemistry with the barbie-esque Christie, who only needs a gingham dress to remind me of one of the gals from Petticoat Junction.
This was unintentionally hilarious.<br /><br />Although Harlin's version of the film was Tarantino-esque in its style, it is the superior of the two.
The way they setup the wife that kills everyone was not mysterious at all. The American audience was greeted by a Ring-esque setup where the faces of these characters are barely shown if at all for only a few quick seconds at a time; thus increasing the scare factor the way the sequences were filmed.
 I even said "ooh" and "ahh" at some of it.  Oh, those gorgeous color-washed walls and halls! Gorgeous Bava-esque color-drenched scenes!
DVD includes making of, outtakes, and a VH1-esque pop-up video setting that quizzes you  on pop-culture references and influences (kind of fun actually).
Lacks the detecting and deliciously Poe-esque tone of Ritchie's first Sherlock.
And of course, there's Urahara himself -- a stoner-esque bucket-hatted guy who is clearly more than he appears.
His 90's, Bill Gates-esque character is also brilliantly portrayed, persuing his beloved while silently rubbing his success in the faces of everyone at the reunion.
 Probably the most appropriate scene using bad language was between Vivi and Teensie during a "chicken-esque" car scene.
We get the sense that Wade's probing of Evans is more than just Hannibal Lecture-esque quid pro quo, where the information is used as power to exploit the owner.
Liked the lost father story line, semi-futuristic setting, the Rocky-esque underdog, and even the love story that thankfully wasn't a large part of the movie.
The Charlie Kenton Story* - An ESPN-esque expose set right before Atom's big fight with the champ.
Dakota eventually obtains his own robot, and the two field it against the top robot champion in a Rocky-esque showdown.
Personally, that's my favourite part of the film; an almost storybook-esque sequence and still so breathtakingly fluid and full of life, living Po's dream of his possible life as a warrior.
Kathleen Turner grabs you from the second she is on screen her Jane Mansfield-esque frame is sheathed in a white dress and her husky yet alluring voice and all out jaguar on the prowl apppeal has never been equalled by any actress in this genre since!
 I really enjoyed them and am very glad to have them in my collection.  "First Men in the Moon" is almost Disney-esque in it's quality.
While the more intense persona isn't seen, he nails that playboy-esque side of 007 as well as the resourceful and knowledgeable side who can shoot his way through anything.
 If you like Love Stories, then buy this movie.  Crouching Tiger has it all. Drama, matrix-esque fight scenes.
 If you are looking for a slapstick Jackie Chan-esque martial arts fun-fest in the vein of Drunken Master, this IS NOT your movie.
Herman Rosse famous for his set designs created the other-worldly-esque, gothic watchtower laboratory.
Actually, this is pretty much the whole movie. David Cronenberg's Matrix-esque film was one of the many cyberpunk films of 1999, among &quot;The Matrix,&quot; &quot;The Thirteenth Floor,&quot; and &quot;Menno's Mind.
 I even enjoyed the Kyle MacLachlan-esque style of Andras Jones - then there was Ted Raimi, whom didn't almost fit within this film, but still made it fun to see him sweat.
 The beginning opens up in black and white and later on, when the lovers start over again, color (in a very Wong Kar-wai-esque cinematic sense of it) comes in.
Also, catch Melissa Joan Hart the Dee Dees, a tempting pair of Harley Quinn-esque teen villains.
"The Red Violin" is a mediocre, highly superficial film that follows the creation and life of a Stradivari-esque fiddle over several centuries, through various owners in Europe, Asia, and finally, North America.
If this sounds quite soap opera-esque, you are right.
Claudio Simonetti recorded some decent music for this one: some heavy instrumental synth-rock and some pretty, opera-esque music with a slightly creepy edge.
Michelle Williams is great, but I am coming to the belief that she is Clooney-esque in that she has limited range, but what she does, she does extremely well.
 well, it deserves the "praise".  julie andrews is cast as a mata hari-esque double agent in ww1, and a truly awful rock hudson goes thru the motions as her american fly boy lover, in a role that ***might*** have worked better if cast with a subtler actor, e.
 I couldn't wait to see this movie when it first came out off that alone.  It was almost billed as a Fatal Attraction-esque movie from the previews alone: Widow becomes romantically entangled with her dead husband's brother only to find out that he isn't dead at all and they try to conceal their relationship until he discovers the truth and loses it.
<p>This movie was excellent. A wonderful feel to it; very &quot;Mission: Impossible-esque.
 Large-scale indoctrination is accomplished through the visualized, Apple commerical-esque, Big Brother screens of 1984 (used later in V for Vendetta).
<p>Taking a page from 1984 the Tetragrammaton is a Big Brother-esque government, though they seem to rely more on human surveilance than on electronic spying, which suppresses art, culture, and entertainment as they engender to many emotional upwellings.
There are also constant 1984-esque propoganda broadcasts, and the "sense offense" concept of the movie is pretty much the same thing as the "thought crime" of 1984.
My roommate describes this film as Stanley Kubrick-esque.
And how sad is it that my favorite part and character from the movie was Aro? Probably because he's a proper Rice-esque vampire.
I had already purchased and/or rented every other scary movie I could find, so (despite the tacky pirate-esque cover) I decided to order this one.
 I couldn't wait to see this movie when it first came out off that alone.  It was almost billed as a Fatal Attraction-esque movie from the previews alone: Widow becomes romantically entangled with her dead husband's brother only to find out that he isn't dead at all and they try to conceal their relationship until he discovers the truth and loses it.
 Even if you don't like boxing, even if you're hoping for a ROCKY-esque film, you won't be disappointed in MILLION DOLLAR BABY.
the Scotland of Trainspotting is a rather depressing land of dingy, Detroit-esque post-industrial decay, and even the natural beauty of the local highlands isn't enough to overcome the cynicism that's overtaken Renton and most of his friends.
 Don't let that keep you away.  The film moves quickly, is exciting and has a decent score(a very Goblin-esque score from Fabio Frizzi).
Even during combat, Gundam 0080 still feels relaxing. Very story-book-esque storyline.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
Multiple times this season Clark is seen lamenting the very fact that he was ever sent to Earth...not a "Superman-esque" attitude whatsoever.
 Multiple times this season Clark is seen lamenting the very fact that he was ever sent to Earth...not a "Superman-esque" attitude whatsoever.
 We witness the ending of playwright Barton Fink's (John Turturro in a somewhat Eraserhead-esque coif) latest creation, an allegedly social-realist drama about working-class Jews on the lower east side of Manhattan.
More on this later...<br /><br />Jolie as Alexander's mother uses as bizarre Russian-esque accent that is terribly out of place with who Olympia actually was.
Playing the Keanu-esque foil to McConaughey's Swayze, Christian Bale returns every hardened stare, lets no machismo go unanswered, no muscle flex go un-flexed back at, and he'll be damned if he puts a shirt on either.
Everyone is extremely Barbie-esque - perfect posture, perfect hair, perfect nails, perfect smiles, all while wearing back-breaking high-heel shoes.
 Hilarious!  Lorna Luft plays a Marilyn Monroe-esque Pink Lady and gets to sing her one  solo line in this scene.
Re: The Corinth Version<br /><br />Upon beginning Welles' epic Inception-esque neo-noir of a power-hungry man using the dredges of the world as his puppets, the average cinemaphile may become disillusioned.
 With "Reloaded", what began as a single successful film becomes an updated "Star Wars"-esque trilogy, with a seemingly unbeatable first film, a middle piece, and a battle-filled climax.
THINGS TO DO IN DENVER WHEN YOU'RE DEAD does begin with somereally overt Tarantino-esque dialog and scene set up.
 I really enjoyed them and am very glad to have them in my collection.  "First Men in the Moon" is almost Disney-esque in it's quality.
As for Pierce Brosnan, well this is #3 for him so he's still as suave and Bond-esque with the action hero coming into play whenever he needs to.
Connery-esque!
 (*That's not a typo; it stood for Y.outh I.nternational P.arty.)<br /><br />In the meantime, a Peggy Noonan-esque reporter, Janine Bach (Meryl Streep), is interviewing G.
 One suggests that if you "don't understand this movie, then go back to your Homer Simpson-esque "doh" Well, I'm sure that person is the one woman or man sounding board for all movies which are "great.
 I could care less about the silly flash-esque games, the documentaries, storyboards, family game night features, sing-a-long, crap.
And by "sweet", I do not mean sickly sweet like some Disney-esque treacle that makes you want to vomit, I mean four immensely appealing actors, playing truly lovable characters (yes, even Margo Leadbetter is lovable in her own insecure, wannabe snob sort of way).
 The comical line "Lois Lane?" that he sputters while brushing his teeth (it had a certain Scooby-esque quality) and the even more comical physical acting he does a little later where he keeps prompting Lois to say a certain name so he can unleash the hounds at her.
A gratuitous music video-esque performance by singer Ashanti chops up the flow of the plot and seems out of place in the middle of the film.
Unlike the so-so comic book-esque TOMBSTONE, WYATT EARP tells the real story and takes its time doing so.
 This duo evidently wanted to capture a somber Louis L'Amour-esque look on-screen (the costuming is a dead giveaway), as their tragic interpretation of Earp's life story often resembles an Old West version of "The Godfather," replacing mobsters with frontier cops.
 Returning to Missouri to study law under his grandfather (Giorgio E. Tripoli), a judge, he revives a Dante-esque romance with Urilla Sutherland (Annabeth Gish), marries her, loses her to typhoid within a year, and goes on a nine-month drunk that ends when he steals a horse and is bailed out by his father.
 What follows is a DaVinci Code-esque whirlwind of clues and revelations as the trio go from spot to spot finding the next clues.
 This would be Soprano-esque had HBO picked it up to develop.
Die hard alien enthusiast impaled themselves on Giger-esque protrusions the second this movie came out.
His zombie-esque, interstellar, slug-infested hometown citizens ring familiar with a sort of INVASION OF THE BODY SNATCHERS theme.
His zombie-esque, interstellar, slug-infested hometown citizens ring familiar with a sort of INVASION OF THE BODY SNATCHERS theme.
The show reflected that domestic, democratic bliss with Dharma as the Clinton-esque goddess who wins out.
Lee created a new super hero with chameleon-esque powers (don't ask me how, it is never clearly explained) who battles a race of human/chameleons who want to "take over the world".
When I got this, I was really looking for a guro-esque movie, so I will review it from that standpoint.
An amusing movie overall, but not recommended for others looking for guro-esque films.
 Me so witty!).  It never proposes to offer more than Loony Toons-esque humor (with some decidedly adult twists).
This film does have some wartime scenes but they're used sparingly and doesn't delve into Private Ryan-esque battles every 15 minutes.
While the Audrey Tatou scenes in the French countryside are charmingly Amelie-esque, it is hard to balance those with war portions of the film.
Actually, this is pretty much the whole movie. David Cronenberg's Matrix-esque film was one of the many cyberpunk films of 1999, among &quot;The Matrix,&quot; &quot;The Thirteenth Floor,&quot; and &quot;Menno's Mind.
 One suggests that if you "don't understand this movie, then go back to your Homer Simpson-esque "doh" Well, I'm sure that person is the one woman or man sounding board for all movies which are "great.
Likewise, Kabaivanska subdues the diva-esque character of Tosca, making her a woman who is real and experiencing real intense feelings in diverse situations - unreasonable jealousy in Act 1, torture, horror and murderous rage in Act 2, love and suicidal despair in Act 3.
OK,the trailer,movie packaging,etc.does NOT mention anything about the fact this is almost a "HIGH SCHOOL MUSICAL-esque" movie!
 It has an abundance of disappointing sophomoric jokes, but then they always rally  after with a great Mr. Show-esque gag.
 It has an abundance of disappointing sophomoric jokes, but then they always rally  after with a great Mr. Show-esque gag.
 It has an abundance of disappointing sophomoric jokes, but then they always rally  after with a great Mr. Show-esque gag.
A low-budget "Scy Fy" channel original-esque movie, with worse acting.
<p>From the opening credits, in which the company performs the rousing, gospel-esque &#65533;How Shall I See You Through My Tears&#65533; to the end, when they dance through their own rendition of &#65533;The Want of a Nail,&#65533; it is this group of talented youngsters who make the movie come alive.
 The filmmakers could have given every scene a glossy, Hollywood-esque finish, and consequently make the film more palatable for kids and mainstream movie-going audiences, but doing that would likely downplay the realism essential to identifying with characters and making the story believable.
if you are looking for a Dirty Harry-esque cool fest from eastwood, you will be dissappointed.
I think I laughed about that for several days. The Lenny Bruce-esque trial of Mellish is the best sent up of a courtroom ever.
Jackson is certainly eye opening enough, but beyond it's exploitation-esque gloss, Black Snake Moan is a surprisingly heartfelt and even touching excursion from Hustle & Flow writer/director Craig Brewer.
 Director Rick Rosenthal (who directed the latest Halloween: Resurrection) decided to go without most of the cat & mouse-esque Carpenter style suspense of the first film, opting instead to make the film much more graphic than the original.
We meet Mecha, the rich swamp-dwelling sister, by her filthy swimming pool surrounded by other zombie-esque party-goers, all half passed out in pool chairs from the combined effect of alcohol and the rainforest heat.
From the opening credits clunky font and electro disco-esque soundtrack, to the all-important cherry red blood sputtering scenes.
 If you like Love Stories, then buy this movie.  Crouching Tiger has it all. Drama, matrix-esque fight scenes.
 If you are looking for a slapstick Jackie Chan-esque martial arts fun-fest in the vein of Drunken Master, this IS NOT your movie.
I'll give this movie 2 stars for some ok Ray Harryhousen-esque effects and the mere presence of an actor of McDowell's caliber, but this is a bad movie.
 In a Hemingway-esque turn, they all die in one way or another for a stupid wooden bridge.
Add some bizarre Monty Python-esque moments, copious nudity and implied sex, and a strange narration by a superfluous character--and this movie completely baffled me.
Not to mention, there is a huge terminator-esque bio-weapon running around.
Her super solider-esque, Matrix-like fighting techniques was a treat to watch.
The only way this would have been more offensive and cliched is if they had some Vaudeville-esque performer in blackface tap-dancing and eating watermelon throughout the film.
 Director Rick Rosenthal (who directed the latest Halloween: Resurrection) decided to go without most of the cat & mouse-esque Carpenter style suspense of the first film, opting instead to make the film much more graphic than the original.
 Other campy Alien rip-offs include Contamination (1980) and the Tokyo Shock-esque Alien vs Ninja (2010).
I think I laughed about that for several days. The Lenny Bruce-esque trial of Mellish is the best sent up of a courtroom ever.
When these two worlds collide, what happens, but laughter and very disney-esque singing.
It's about an animated world's evil witch-queen that casts a Snow-White-esque character into real world NYC in order to keep The Prince from marrying her.
Princess Giselle (Amy Adams) is a young, Snow White-esque character that spends her days cleaning her house, singing with her animal friends and awaiting the day her prince charming will come and sweep her off of her feet.
 Sounded like good old Kaufmann-esque fun to me.
Forget &quot;Dances with Wolves.&quot;  Kevin Costner outdoes himself as an actor in this superb Capra-esque movie that is filled with magic rarely seen onscreen.
 Curmudgeons may say that it's nothing more than a Scream-esque parody of horror movie chestnuts, but the approach is really quite different.
Without question, Cabin Fever is the best modern horror flick of our time. Unlike the usual predictable teen MTV-esque films, it delivers a lot more scares and surprises at every turn, and DOES NOT just rely on the blood and gore.
As an adult, I appreciated the subtle nods to the Disney franchise, such as a wide shot of a very Space Mountain-esque building (sitting behind a sign reading "Todayland").
For example, the line given by the Wednesday Addams-esque character early in the film.
 The beginning opens up in black and white and later on, when the lovers start over again, color (in a very Wong Kar-wai-esque cinematic sense of it) comes in.
 I felt that there wasn't enough "classic" Office material, like Jim-Dwight interactions, Michael Scott-esque failures, and not enough Kevin time (but lets be serious - is there ever enough Kevin time?
 Although the sub-plots can be a bit soap-opera-esque, the characters and the actors who play them have evolved enough now to form a hilarious ensemble that cannot seem to go wrong.
 At the beginning of the movie it feels like  another Star Trek - Battlestar Galactica-esque movie; you are in deep space  searching for a lost ship and then when you find it there are no life  signs.
It's a very simple RPG-esque plot, but it's the journey that makes the movie.
Plus, he had a really dodgy Steven Segal-esque ponytail.
Infighting within the band, a mysterious Yoko Ono-esque character, and the band's inability to make it from the dressing room to the stage without getting lost don't help the cause, either.
Watching this movie, I was struck by the fact that no matter how quickly fashions change in the jungle-esque hubs of the capitalist world's great metropolises: clothes, clubs, music - it's all here one day but by next week its shuffled out by the next wave of whatever - the fundamental dynamics of growing out of adolescence in these places is still the same, some twenty five years on.
 For a historically based film, the least they could have added was a short PBS-esque documentary on actual code talkers.
 James Horner's mostly overplayed score -- except for the "Saving private Ryan"-esque overture and the occasional haunting "flutes" -- doesn't help.
But there's a decent amount of Adam Sandler-esque slapstick comedy bits to be entertaining.
 In a Hemingway-esque turn, they all die in one way or another for a stupid wooden bridge.
 He has zero, and I mean no chemistry with the barbie-esque Christie, who only needs a gingham dress to remind me of one of the gals from Petticoat Junction.
Now 19 years later the nightmares have resurfaced, but this time he awakens with a Freddy Krueger-esque slash mark on his hand that won't heal.
 For his fifth film, "There Will Be Blood," Anderson has set aside his trademark Altman-esque lushness for a style which recalls Francis Ford Coppola in his prime.
Though it has a more Kubrick-esque approach, the director, P.
 They must rise to the supreme challenge after the reigning superhero, a corporate-sponsored, Ken Doll-esque Greg Kinnear, gets vaporized by one of the good guys.
The only reason  I can see why it has not received more notice is a lack of marketing and  big-name stars. &quot;Capra-esque&quot; in the best sense, it puts to shame &quot;Major League&quot; and would-be mythic silliness as  &quot;The Natural.
The overall animation is slow vintage, in the early part, 101 Dalmations-esque, in the Beat Generation section, and Wild and MOD, in the final section.
It's a very Cronenberg-esque thriller with plenty of good stuff for everyone especially horror/Sci-fi fanatics and special effects junkies.
 He has fantasies about being a rock star and, wouldn't you know it, grows up to be a Hitler-esque dictator.
 The actress who plays the hooker has the porno-esque name of Boti Bliss, yet this nobody is too good to take off her top in a movie?
 All the others are new and of inconsistent quality.  Donald Duck is a Noah-esque hero set to Elgar's Pomp and Circumstance; butterflies dance to Beethoven's 5th Symphony; whales fly as we hear Respighi's Pines of Rome; Al Hirschfeld-esque drawings animate Gershwin's Rhapsody in Blue; Saint-Saen's Carnival of the Animals is accompanied by flamingos with a yo-yo; Nature battles destructive forces to Stravinsky's Firebird Suite; and Shostakovich's Piano Concerto No.
There's jumping rope, funky pilates moves and lots of cardio bursts/dance-esque moves full of energy.
The Crash-esque style editing mixes urban music, painting art reflecting the characters, an assortment of individual camera work in each story (camera pulls, hand held pans, steady-cams) and slightly interlaced stories.
 The acting is goofy, the special effects are &quot;Clash of the Titans&quot;-esque, and Ash seems to get his shotgun out of nowhere after coming out of the pit; but, you love it anyway cause its funny and good for a viewing at anytime of the day or night.
 To show off contemporary versions (circa 1990) of Ray Harryhausen-esque stop-motion techniques:<p>The special effects, while dated in the face of CGI prodigiousness, are enormous and spectacular.
Paul W. S. Anderson (writer and director) chose the slow, horror-esque build up of the original 'Alien' over the action adventure feeling of 'Aliens'.
 The book is a hilarious story of a bumbling, Clouseau-esque British military commander (I forget his rank) and his misadventures in World War II, told in a series of episodes.
 The outrageous gore and humor are very Jackson-esque in Body Melt.
 This is the introductory episode into Blue's Room. Blue's Room is a spin-off series with Blue as a talking muppet-esque puppet.
 That is another problem, but the Ron Howard-esque schmaltzy saccharine sympathies lathered onto the main characters is just unflattering and really makes the audience (or at least me) cringe with discomfort.
This move wasn't even all that funny.  Felt like it was intended to be made with regular people, perhaps reality show-esque.
This movie contains a bit of everything: Coen-esque directing, which is always a pro, a witty screenplay, funny storyline, very well casted, etc.
Didn't get it. But what *was* there was pretty good/interesting. The "Labyrinth" is a mildly amusing Myst-esque DVD game feature for an alternate way to access some interviews, production stills, etc.
This film is as Burton-esque as BEETLEJUICE, EDWARD SCISSORHANDS and BATMAN RETURNS (and everything else that Burton has done).
Frankenstein. Shelley Duvall and Daniel Stern play his very Leave It To Beaver-esque parents.
 <p>It's a great ride, too, with very Matrix-esque action sequences that pull you along at great speed, catapulting you into this "underground" world.
Do not be led astray by the excellently edited theatrical preview for this film, it is neither a successful Matrix-esque actioner nor a star-crossed romance pic.
That said, I still enjoyed the R&J-esque story, and how it combined the already connected lores.
After my second viewing of this film I figured I'd get around to writing a review. In an our-world noir-esque film, vampires and werewolves are in an age old war to defeat one or the another.
So far so good--you weren't expecting Bergman-esque psychological depth, were you?
 Whoa!  Then there's some Matrix-esque stuff that doesn't resemble the Matrix.
 If you miss payments, the company will "repo" your organs.  This all plays out in an opera-esque format with everyone dressed in psuedo-goth attire via a 17 year old emo girl who plays the lead role.
The Ying-n-Yang of friends. They're similar in that Vaughn is that same kind of lounge-lizard-esque con man without a con, dimwitted with an air of ill-placed superiority and Favreau is his signature calm steady, studying fellow just trying to make it in the big bad voodoo world.
 Even the snow scene conjures up "St. Louis"-esque visions.
As a direct result, only in her vocal abilities throughout the film does she truly excel; that rich Garland-esque bravado rocking the speakers with a powerful zest for the material she's been given.
I've always been a fan of this movie, the Rock.  Michael Bay catches a lot of flak about his Hollywood-esque action movies, but you can't find anyone that knows action better than him.
This movie contains a bit of everything: Coen-esque directing, which is always a pro, a witty screenplay, funny storyline, very well casted, etc.
Ella also manages to help a dentist who wants to becomes a composer, and a Brando-esque teen actor achieve status.
Perhaps Ken and Barbie threatened to sue. Anyway, as the group bangs out one of its Ramones-esque tunes on stage one fact becomes glaringly obvious.
 If you're looking for a well-crafted Romero-esque film with biting and deep social commentary, this isn't your film.
You can tell the B-roll really did come from some sort of National Geographic-esque type production house because whenever they use it, there's a lot more grain than the rest of the movie.
&quot;Evil Dead&quot; is indeed without question, the BEST zombie-esque movie since &quot;Night Of The Living Dead&quot;, and is a non-stop thrill ride at every turn!
S plays an ex-FBI agent who had to retire for various Dirty Harry-esque actions/brutality.
Here's a royal turkey (that is, a bad movie made in Britain) that defies the Lenny Maltin-esque idea that EVERYTHING from 'cross the pond is pure gold.
His near silent performance steals every scene in a Chaplin / Keaton-esque way.
(see the recurring theme here?)<p>The filmmakers seem to be shooting for some kind of Coen-esque story line, but what one gets is a confused mish-mash of scenes that never really come together, yet nevertheless culminate in a Hollywood ending that tells us "Since he's found love, all the neuroses, denial and depression he's spent a lifetime accumulating will now magically go away".
Kathleen Turner grabs you from the second she is on screen her Jane Mansfield-esque frame is sheathed in a white dress and her husky yet alluring voice and all out jaguar on the prowl apppeal has never been equalled by any actress in this genre since!
The music shifts to a Sousa-esque brass band version of the tune as the camera shifts to a huge gunboat rumbling along in Grant's wake.
A very funny Byrne-esque prophecy.
 Byrne himself, a non-actor, adopts the affectless Warhol-esque pose that often served him well in interviews.
Kurt, in a  very Peter-Parker-esque maneuver, gets the entire contents of a  mega-computer's memory (and cognitive abilities) instantly downloaded into  his teenaged human brain during a rainstorm.
This is not a boring documentary nor is it the Disney-esque fare that you seen in the trailer, however its not depressing by any means.
Kathleen Turner does a great job  portraying Beverly Sutphin, a June Cleaver-esque, devoted happy homemaker  who doesn't even allow gum in her house, but has a short fuse and keeps a  secret scrapbook (I wonder if it was from Waters personal collection) of  clippings about serial killers.
 The girls don't have to do much dancing, but they wave their hands and kick their feet in a Charleston-esque way.
The cheap looking quality made it look almost documentary-esque, as if you're right there with them.
This creates a rather Fellini-esque atmosphere and causes some friction among the ladies as well as a couple of their deaths.
Some seem to find this grating, but I'm a major fan of this technique. Slow motion lends a battle that classic Peckinpah-esque gritty brutality, and it's used to spectacular effect in "Watchmen".
Manhattan (Billy Crudup) who is a god-like Superman-esque blue skinned being with unique powers, sexy Silk Spectre (Malin Akerman) and very smart and brilliant crimefighter NightOwl (Patrick Wilson) all join together to try to solve the mystery of the Comedian's death.
Manhattan is the god-like power; Rorschach is the Batman-esque thirst to avenge crime; Night Owl II is a bored rich kid; Silk Spectre II is obliged, etc.
The few moments that were supposed to be funny, weren't. A Jerry Springer-esque talk show moment made it that much worse.
Manhattan (Billy Crudup) who is a Superman-esque immortal god of powers, blank masked avenger Roschach (Jackie Earl Haley), sexy buttkicker Silk Spectre (Malin Akerman) and intelligent Batman-esque Nightowl (Patrick Wilson) are together trying to untangle the mystery of who killed Comedian.
This movie is targeted more towards young adults. You can tell by the modern-day language and the Twilight-esque cinematography, but that is probably due mostly to the fact that the films have the same director.
Re: The Corinth Version<br /><br />Upon beginning Welles' epic Inception-esque neo-noir of a power-hungry man using the dredges of the world as his puppets, the average cinemaphile may become disillusioned.
It offers suspense and has it's moments that make me jump. It's the perfect drama-esque film.
This fact turned off a large number of viewers who were looking for another Spiderman-esque kid-friendly film.
Two newly weds get tarrorized by a dead girl in Tokeyo for 90 minuets, add a strangly odd zombie-esque love scene and being french kissed by a slug(?
Just in case anyone misses the point, there's a psuedo-Jan Hammer-esque rock insturmental playing during the scene where Kirk &amp; Co.
 The movie was a little top heavy with typical Shatner-esque self-indulgence(he directed of course).
The street sounds disappear and the only thing you hear is a repetitive, painfully sweet, tango-esque tune that saturates your imagination every time you think of her, every time you see her, every time she walks up and down that long and narrow flight of stone steps.
Infighting within the band, a mysterious Yoko Ono-esque character, and the band's inability to make it from the dressing room to the stage without getting lost don't help the cause, either.
 Madonna plays a scheming, Betty Davis-esque golddigger (surprise) who destroys men by oversexing them with her body!
<p>It's brilliant.<p>Gyllenhaal plays Jimmy Livingston, the three sttoges-esque flip side of John Travolta's Tod Lubtich (the main character of smarmy 1976 made-for-TV movie The Boy in the Plastic Bubble).
the Scotland of Trainspotting is a rather depressing land of dingy, Detroit-esque post-industrial decay, and even the natural beauty of the local highlands isn't enough to overcome the cynicism that's overtaken Renton and most of his friends.
All in all, great for Bey/Bruckheimer-esque entertainment, but horrible in everything else.
 And of course Rob Reiner's Capra-esque moment is Shepard fighting back at the end, defending his membership of the ACLU and the rights of his girlfriend to burn flags.
 Thanks to Jillian and NMTZ's at 10-15lbs, my arms are already a bit body builder-esque (per my husband) and I fear too much time with this video may take them too far.
 I enjoyed the story, as it was a very Futurama-esque story, especially how they tie it all together.
aboutt Schmidt is about the average joe, as average as you can get. After a lifetime of passionate Hollywood-esque characters under Nicholson's sleeve, some may say his performance is not engaging--- quite the contrary.
The music is very Rick Wakeman-esque at times and sometimes it's suspenseful but still a bad movie.
I respect your right to not like this movie.<br /><br />"Elephant" is a response to the rash of Columbine-esque killings.
This film  gives no explanation, no backstory, and no judgment as it presents a Columbine-esque tragedy at a high school: two boys plan to shoot as many people as they can on a regular afternoon when everyone is going about their business and nobody sees it coming.
Here's your chance!) and closes with a Jackie Chan-esque highlight/blooper reel, neither of which are quite as entertaining as they ought to be but I appreciate the novelty.
 There was an attempt to build some "Da Vinci Code"-esque background, but it the mystery unravels before it begins.
It works  well - location footage in Scotland and lots and lots of smoke give the  production an 'Exclaibur'-esque look of grim and gritty reality, and this  is what sticks in the mind after the film is over.
Miss Kitty's song numbers (oh yes, she performs, too) are a bit much in their Dietrich-esque sultriness.
 While they are there, Torgo freaks everyone out with his odd behavior and Shatner-esque speaking style.
 But, who watches this sorta film for the plot?  Stylistically, I was shocked by just how Fulci-esque this film is.
Although the Italian horror/slasher genre of the 1970's includes many films that aren't exactly Disney-esque, I found "The New York Ripper" to be a particularly unpleasant ride.
 But, who watches this sorta film for the plot?  Stylistically, I was shocked by just how Fulci-esque this film is.
Although the Italian horror/slasher genre of the 1970's includes many films that aren't exactly Disney-esque, I found "The New York Ripper" to be a particularly unpleasant ride.
 Yoga certaintly does not require new age-y music, of course, but I found the heavy metal-esque instrumental playing in the background to be unpleasant and distracting.
Depp's performance was too Michael Jackson-esque for my liking.
For, make no mistake, Tim Burton's adaptation of Roald Dahl's classic novel, is very "Burton-esque.
The real star of this story is not the quasi-humans who populate its color-saturated Dali-esque landscape, but the candy around whom their lives center.
Look also for the "Sgt. Pepper"-esque nut house with the (largely real) team of nut-cracking squirrels, the "2001: Space Odyssey" (with the bombastic Strauss fanfare) WonkaVision studios, and other touches that really make Depp, in particular, such a marvelously spooky-kooky guy.
Therefore if you are not a child, but still enjoy dooby-enhanced mind trip or generally odd, Alice-in-Wonderland-esque stories, then you will find interest in this movie.
 The initial scenes of Charlie's crooked, dilapidated house and the huge city that surrounds it are as Dahl-esque as you can hope for.
 They're almost DALI-esque, in fact.
 But if you can handle that, and would like to see a mad scientist-esque character piecing together a new body out of hookers for his recently deceased fiance then this movie is well worth watching!
 They never feel like bloated Hollywood-esque action sequences tacked on to relieve your boredom.
Oddly enough, the Bladerunner-esque buildings throughout the movie also help to establish the feeling of urgency, and the sensation of teetering on the edge of something great, something that we cannot possibly understand.
They stated that the film "arrives with confidence and bravado intact. ... and arguably the most Tolkien-esque of the Narnia books".
Pokemon.<br />We also get to see the short film, Pikachu's Vacation, which is VERY silly and Loony Tunes-esque(Heck, 4Kids redid the music to make it sound JUST like a Bugs Bunny cartoon!
In "Lost Boys: The Thirst", Corey Feldman returns as Edgar Frog. He is hired by a Stephanie Meyer-esque bookwriter, who also shares a similar, unrealistic take on vampires, to find her brother, who was kidnapped by bloodsuckers.
The Thirst i grew more and more disappointed as i realized it just simply wasn't delivering. it had way to much Blade-esque to it, and i'm not sexiest but the female vampires just seemed to be selling sex in most of there scenes instead of being, well cool.
In "Lost Boys: The Thirst", Corey Feldman returns as Edgar Frog. He is hired by a Stephanie Meyer-esque bookwriter, who also shares a similar, unrealistic take on vampires, to find her brother, who was kidnapped by bloodsuckers.
The Thirst i grew more and more disappointed as i realized it just simply wasn't delivering. it had way to much Blade-esque to it, and i'm not sexiest but the female vampires just seemed to be selling sex in most of there scenes instead of being, well cool.
 Tim Robbins (playing a Bill Gates-esque character) spins a web as the BLACK WIDOW of silicon valley to entice, manipulate and force Ryan Phillipe's character to create the greatest communications network in the world.
 They are a sort of reverse Abbott and Costello.  The two must save Good Burger from Mondo Burger, a Dave and Busters-esque new restaurant across the street and its successful but cruel manager Kurt, who always refers to himself in the third person.
 The cinematography and editing is first-rate, a real feast for the eyes, and I enjoyed the Ella-esque mid-century Jazz score.
Most of the 'Stand By Me'-esque story is done fairly well, considering.
Expect cooky characters, like the dog impersonator, and Bijomaru. Also expect that over-the-top violence. A very manga-esque movie.
 Not to mention the fact that when Doom switches to it's first person-esque view towards the climax, that's when the film goes into complete and utter cheese territory.
 Its complex premise  is filled with incessant experimentation, with documentary-esque techniques used to set the gears in motion before resorting to more traditional cinema.
 Its complex premise  is filled with incessant experimentation, with documentary-esque techniques used to set the gears in motion before resorting to more traditional cinema.
 Its complex premise  is filled with incessant experimentation, with documentary-esque techniques used to set the gears in motion before resorting to more traditional cinema.
Deep Roy (from "Big Fish" and "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory") sneaks in too, as the Napoleon-esque skelton.
The story is much closer to one of the Grimm's Fairy Tales, with no Tim Burton-esque moments added.
Sounds Ashton Kutcher-esque to me.
The piano duet sequence with Victor and Victoria playing a moody, Chopin-esque<br /><br />piece is moving, while the underground creatures warble wild Fats Waller-meets-Offenbach numbers.
The Illusionist is a classic tale of love and magic with a Hitchcock-esque twist.
She makes a vague, almost Charlie Chan-esque statement, that the murderer is in the room, then disappears without divulging the name.
 He spends approximately 80% of the film, making exaggerated "all work and no play..."-esque faces.
Every fight scene and car chase (yes, there is more than one car chase) is loaded with Michael Bay-esque hand-held hyper-cuts.
Instead, Motown hits of the 60s are redone to be more Gospel-esque.
Leonard-esque start, mystery ending.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
 I've occasionally had a hankering to trot out a Shakespear-esque play I wrote when I was 16, in which I play all the characters.
It is 1897 in Covington, PA. There, a small group of puritan-esque settlers have made their home, surrounded on all sides by dense woodlands.
Unfortunately, Shyamalan is now known for his Barnum-esque cheap tricks, so you can't fully buy in to what is presented.
Robbie Coltrane (Harry Potter And The...) is wonderfully low-key in his Watson-esque role as Depp's assistant.
There is something for everyone. Look for Busby Berkley-esque musical numbers, cameo performances by the three stooges, Fred Astaire's screen debut as Joan's dancing partner, and a Nelson Eddy performance that pre-dates his Jeanette MacDonald days.
Cream-esque 60's poppy gizmo suddenly finds itself a prop on the set of a version of Willy Wonka where Zappa wrote the music.
 "Scarecrow" is more ODELAY-esque, another really good song, and "Black Tambourine" and "Hell Yes" are just mindless rousing fun, as is "Rental Car," which roars off down the highway toward the Apocalypse.
 Rockwell and Jackson turn in inspired, albeit secondary efforts.  Johannson is minimally used, but serves her Matrix-esque purpose in a skin-tight outfit and awesome fight scene.
 We watch a film that would have done Disney proud as the "Key to the Future" is revealed (complete with Disney-esque music and style) but is actually more than it seems -- and gives Tony a key to his future.
 Although not a highly original or edgy film, it does goes well beyond the barriers of a typical Disney-esque movie.
 Also it is really refreshing to see a movie about love and relationships that doesn't focus on model-esque twenty something guys and gals.
 Westerns are supposed to be either John Wayne-esque fantasies or gritty realistic dramas.
But when Norman Mailer-esque novelist Tom Colt (David Janssen) threatens her father in a bar, January finds someone with whom to act out her father fixation.
 Was it a Saw-esque police drama about a ruthless serial killer?
This scene is so painfully Cinderella-esque that I was waiting for Marisa to leave a glass slipper.
In Tarantino-esque fashion, it's ingenious, irreverent, violent and vulgar, but like me, you'll watch it and probably enjoy it.
 That's not the worst of it, however.<br /><br />The engine of the plot mainly seems to be sitcom-esque misunderstandings.
 Peter Vincent(the biggest change in character in the remake) is no longer an older, washed up, Hammer-esque horror movie star with a cheap late night horror show, but now a Chris Angel inspired Vegas magician whose show revolves around the occult and especially gothic vampire imagery.
It is cleverly and artfully presented, with Chuck Jones'  trademark Looney Tunes-esque animation, and a sweet little story, which,  though rather slim, holds the viewer's interest for every single one of its  eighty-six minutes.
 What's the point?  Every time civilization is engulfed in some sort of cannibalistic, zombie-esque plague many questions get begged and then I fail to enjoy the movie.
Where Smith usually shines, in his predictable hero-esque roles, he fails here--as a scientist who experiment goes wrong.
 I'm glad the directors took a different approach to the Twilight Zone-esque themes of vampires that the original book took.
 He took a smart comic premise and peppered in some solid doses of Sam Raimi-esque gore.
 He spends approximately 80% of the film, making exaggerated "all work and no play..."-esque faces.
 <p>So, how to describe this strange, convoluted film?  There is a certain Tarantino-esque quality to the story line, which is revealed through bizaar actions and dialogue.
"T2" immediately does away with the Del James-esque poetics of the first film and goes for pure commercialism.
haha). The first story is a western-esque love story involving English aristocrat Lady Sarah Ashley (played by Nicole Kidman) and "the Drover" played by Hugh Jackman.
A widescreen presentation that is CinemaScope-esque.
Die hard alien enthusiast impaled themselves on Giger-esque protrusions the second this movie came out.
We get the sense that Wade's probing of Evans is more than just Hannibal Lecture-esque quid pro quo, where the information is used as power to exploit the owner.
towards the end, Paul Kemp (Johnny Depp) displays a little of the Hunter S. Thompson-esque behavior that so many enjoyed in Fear and Loathing.
George A. Romero created the blueprint for zombie movies, while Coppola's first masterpiece is a Poe-esque suspense film.
He spews the Nazi-esque propaganda with nary a flaw or pause, his powerful preaching frightening convincing at times.
 I'm not going to whine about how the end just didn't tie it all in together. I'm not going to complain about the MTV-esque version of &quot;Wise Up&quot; in the middle of the film.
 Because I knew of the multiple storylines, i expected something tarantino-esque with something that tied together neatly.
Peter O'Toole makes for an interesting Brando-esque character in this but doesn't make an impact in Supergirl's struggle until the end.
 New Orleans of course, but also WWI & WWII, France, New York, the Florida Keys, Russia, Pitt's post-college-esque journey around the world; any person who likes culture and travel would enjoy it.
 Both are told in flashback format (this film just adds the Titanic-esque "old lady" twist instead of having the protagonist narrate his own story), as well as delve into themes too numerous to sort out after just one viewing.
 It's that Gilliam-esque mastery of the absurd; treat it as if it happens  every day.
 The 7  1/2 floor is almost &quot;Gilliam-esque&quot;- in fact, when I first saw  the preview I assumed it was Terry Gilliam's (Brazil, 12 Monkeys) newest  film.
John Ratzenberger pops up as a strikingly Bumble-esque Yeti, and Frank Oz and Bonnie Hunt round out the team.
 The apes inhabit a Flintstone-esque city and are divided into three different castes, the Orangutangs, who are the politicans and keepers of the faith, and seemingly the caste in absolute control, the Gorillas, whoa re the workers and the soldiers, and who seem to occupy the lowest position, and the Chimpanzees, who are the scientists and intellectuals.
And there's my biggest complaint. Why do so many horror movies feel the need to use the I Know What You Did Last Summer-esque "look, there's gonna be a sequel" ending?
 There are  chain swords and hedge trimmer weapons, a huge steampunk-esque outpost, and  guys with armour reminicient of robocop.
Only thing that might have been AKIRA-esque would be some of the BIO weapons in a breif portion of the film.
As a huge fan of 2001: A Space Odyssey, the 80's aesthetic, analog synthesizers, 60's cults, drugs, Cronenberg-esque villians, and dated depictions of the future, this film is a complete home run for me.
The Tucker Torpedo. It's done in a very period-esque style, indulging in many styles of the 1940s, from the big band sounds from that era, to the flaky movie style.
 In fact there were times when Max was delivering what was evidently supposed to be a Woody Allen-esque riff, but the results were so flat and uninspired that I honestly started to wonder if the scene was intended as comedy at all.
 The movie, as someone mentioned, AS USUAL, was "Hollywood-esqued" but still has a wonderful surprise ending.
Ben Affleck is at his Gigli-esque worst, displaying a grand total of two emotions as the genius-level intellectual willing to wipe the memory of his work after every assignment in exchange for a few extra dollar signs.
the water, the clothes, the interiors, the bodies. Some scenes are breathtakingly erotic, again with a Bergman-esque feel.
 If you like good artwork, then you should buy this DVD for the cover artwork which is very geiger-esque in nature.
 In what seems like a Kaufman-esque joke on his audience Carrey reverts back to his Ace Ventura form as a split personality, so misrepresented, so misdiagnosed that I wonder if the writers bothered to pick up a medical book in researching this.
evil story and the way they deal with morality, revolutions, and conflict is rather Disney-esque.
As he struggles against giving the order for a My Lai-esque massacre of an unarmed Turkish convoy, Lawrence's face [animated by the incomparable acting of Peter O'Toole] all but says: "Now could I drink hot blood!
As he struggles against giving the order for a My Lai-esque massacre of an unarmed Turkish convoy, Lawrence's face [animated by the incomparable acting of Peter O'Toole] all but says: "Now could I drink hot blood!
As he struggles against giving the order for a My Lai-esque massacre of an unarmed Turkish convoy, Lawrence's face [animated by the incomparable acting of Peter O'Toole] all but says: "Now could I drink hot blood!
His near silent performance steals every scene in a Chaplin / Keaton-esque way.
This leads him to bust up a scheme by an Illuminati-esque group of businessmen to control a major natural resource.
 I would have loved to have seen a Matthew Fox-esque emotive rant that LOST fans have come to appreciate, but it just never happened.
The villain is appropriately slimy and lizard-esque.
the New Testament.<p>While this has the classic Python-esque wry humor and satire, there's something a little more timid here.
&quot;Evil Dead&quot; is indeed without question, the BEST zombie-esque movie since &quot;Night Of The Living Dead&quot;, and is a non-stop thrill ride at every turn!
and of course the organism would turn out to be humanoid . . . At this point there's potential for a great Frankenstein-esque tale .
As for the film itself - by now, everyone knows that it's a Campbell-esque &quot;hero's journey&quot; dressed up as a gothic horror/suspense yarn.
Either way, you'll either be severely depressed or immensely amused by what transpires, from the Lifetime-esque opening credits to the painfully bad showdown in the end.
The first, METZENGERSTEIN, by Roger Vadim, features a nubile, Barbarella-esque Jane Fonda as an imperious, mildly sadistic and hedonistic  young socialite/Contessa named Frederique, presumably in the Middle Ages.
 He has fantasies about being a rock star and, wouldn't you know it, grows up to be a Hitler-esque dictator.
Alas, Roger became too old and went.<br />Dalton brought another Bond, more fleming-esque.
Albeit James Bond-esque, this movie hinges upon everyone fulfilling their role flawlessly and not one of their high-tech gadgets ever failing.
Hmmm! This one caught me by surprise. It's an un-Spike Lee-esque joint.
She has talent, but unfortunately is stuck with the films lamest lines. People criticize the films 'Matrix-esque' effects and stunts.
 I've occasionally had a hankering to trot out a Shakespear-esque play I wrote when I was 16, in which I play all the characters.
In Tarantino-esque fashion, it's ingenious, irreverent, violent and vulgar, but like me, you'll watch it and probably enjoy it.
D-Wars is, from start to finish, a series of melodramatic moments highlighted here and there by Power Rangers-esque special effects.
 Amanda Brooks, Roswell's Jason Behr, and Robert Forster star in this flick, which features gigantic, reptilian-esque creatures wreaking havoc as much as one can imagine.
so werewolves and vampires were out, Satanism in. So here we get a Wheatley-esque story of powerful people sucked into devil-worship grafted onto an old fashioned Dracula story.
I just ordered this movie, and I can't wait to get it. It looks like a real horror movie, not just some stupid Scream-esque movie.
I agree with everyone who says he stole the movie. I loved how he just camped it up, he was almost going quite Python-esque in some scenes, just with his little mannerisms and quirks.
so werewolves and vampires were out, Satanism in. So here we get a Wheatley-esque story of powerful people sucked into devil-worship grafted onto an old fashioned Dracula story.
I agree with everyone who says he stole the movie. I loved how he just camped it up, he was almost going quite Python-esque in some scenes, just with his little mannerisms and quirks.
Okay, so the Epcot-esque finale is more fromage than homage, and is remniscent of the touchy-feely, ending of THE ABYSS.
S plays an ex-FBI agent who had to retire for various Dirty Harry-esque actions/brutality.
While some dramatic license was taken with the storyline, &quot;Joseph&quot; thankfully eschews Disney-esque asides, superflous fantasy characters or expanded romantic angles (Joseph's love and marriage to Asenath is simply part of the story).
Let's start (and maybe finish) with my first complaint. What's with that sappy, cigar addled Jimney Cricket-esque, nostalgia-obsessed - cliched beyond belief - narration that accompanies black and white shots from the past as boringly as any car commercial?
Once again,.this film is not for kids, or Steven Segal or Van Damme fans with 1/2 hour Springer time-slot-esque attention spans!
 While it is emotional to watch the love story unfold, the eye-candy battle sequences, and the picture-esque view of Scotland, there seemed to be a lacking "meat" to this story.
at one point older brother uses "Kafka-esque" in describing Kafka, and you're embarrassed for Baumbach, the actor, and the character, in that order.
 The movie itself is very Wes Anderson-esque, but Baumbach has been doing his own thing for over ten years and there are definitely distinctions.
When Walter Berkman is discussing Franz Kafka's story "The Metamorphosis" with Sophie Greenberg, he calls it Kafka-esque.
Sex with you is really a Kafka-esque experience.
 With "Reloaded", what began as a single successful film becomes an updated "Star Wars"-esque trilogy, with a seemingly unbeatable first film, a middle piece, and a battle-filled climax.
Yes, Tennenbaums has obviously been compared to Rushmore, but I found it more &quot;Magnolia-esque&quot; in humor and almost as artistically filmed as Vertical Ray of the Sun.
 I guess in the film the future doesn't seem so future-esque.
aboutt Schmidt is about the average joe, as average as you can get. After a lifetime of passionate Hollywood-esque characters under Nicholson's sleeve, some may say his performance is not engaging--- quite the contrary.
<p>Despite all these flaws, I really enjoyed this movie. The story is fascinating and moving, and The Sixth Sense-esque approach to depict Nash's schizophrenia from his point of view worked very well.
John Ratzenberger pops up as a strikingly Bumble-esque Yeti, and Frank Oz and Bonnie Hunt round out the team.
The film uses music sparsely, but when it does it is always to create a surreal Baraka-esque quality.
No, this isn't standard Hollywood-esque fare; No, this isn't a penetrating psycho-analysis of one man's life or of an extreme sport; No, this isn't even great film-making.
 I had low expectations, thinking it was going to be a typical gross-out, Adam Sandler-esque comedy, with fart jokes and lots of T&A.
Universe David Draper; and, oddly enough, Jim Backus who, in an almost Charlie Kaufman-esque scene, plays himself and offers to do Mr.
 As the story moves towards its inevitable, Akira-esque conclusion, the revolutionary workers in the city attempt to gain control, although it becomes clear they are merely pawns of a larger force.
Ends with an Akira-esque apocalyptic "intended-climax" (I use the term 'climax' advisedly, for it is anything but) in which everything blows up.
McKellen turned in a rather Shakespeare-esque performance as Magneto in X-MEN, and Dench has proved herself as a good M in thel last three JAMES BOND epics.
Both of them still being ogres does nothing for the Hollywood-esque society.
<p>I guess 'Harold and Maude' plays on '60s-esque themes of turning maverick, challenging societal moulds, denouncing materialism.
I wanted to like this movie. I really did. Edgy Barry Levinson-esque camerawork, some truly funny moments, an A-list cast who must have worked for scale, the whole nine yards.
 Highly recommended, this is a film that would never have been made a generation ago, before the Oprah-esque confessional came into vogue.
Howard.<p> Even the more obscure Conan-esque fantasy films of the '80s (The Beastmaster, The Sword and the Sorcerer) offered more, even given their lower budgets and dated techniques.
Very artsy. Kafka-esque plot about paranoia and insanity.
 Actors' faces pushed close into wide-angle lenses, Edward Hopper-esque still settings of the "bunny family," actors leaning into still shots from out of frame, light and shadow and noise used to completely shock your senses.
Plus, it's quite long and most people barely have enough patience to get through an hour and a half of a typical Lynch-esque story line.
 The president (a Clinton-esque Bill Bullman) calls upon military services to fight these creatures.
There's one sequence where a &quot;Godfather&quot;-esque character is upset about a family member's death, tosses up his arms, and the camera literally stays with the group for a minute afterwards as the actors kick dirt around and fidget, apparently anxious for the director to yell &quot;Cut!
 The movie is a cross between a love story and a mid-life crisis with a twist. It's a bit of a Shelly-esque thriller with a plot that reveals itself at the pace of a film from the `40s.
 The mix of characters ranging from a burned out Karaoke singing bowler to a Hamlet-esque Bowling prodigy to a crazed Alpha male Bowling CEO leaves the viewer fully engaged.
 The same types of fade outs are used and the ending was shocking but in a sixth sense -esque way.
 In "Spice World," the girls take on a world tour with Bond-esque style.
What fun! Scrap the past 40 years of music development and go straight back into the good old jazz/Chicago-esque style.
 All in all, "The American" is not at all the Jason Bourne-esque picture that it is advertised to be so if you are looking for a movie with some action, I would suggest skipping this film.
This is a well thought out, well acted drama movie. If you're expecting Michael Bay-esque explosions and ridiculous gunfights just walk away.
Re: The Corinth Version<br /><br />Upon beginning Welles' epic Inception-esque neo-noir of a power-hungry man using the dredges of the world as his puppets, the average cinemaphile may become disillusioned.
 The movie was a little top heavy with typical Shatner-esque self-indulgence(he directed of course).
It's beautifully dark in the same way that parts of "Dark Crystal" and "Legend" are, the story isn't meant to be Bergman-esque(it's on the simple side,but entertaining), and FOR ONCE the CGI used is NOT overly-noticeable,choppy,and distracting!
 The same can be said for the cardboard-esque representation that we witnessed from Maud Adams.
In a 1984-esque white-washed future underground dystopia where sexuality is banned, all humans sport shaved heads and the same shapeless outfits as they go about their work in a mandated state of sedation, listening to exhortations to &quot;Buy and Be Happy.
 Madonna plays a scheming, Betty Davis-esque golddigger (surprise) who destroys men by oversexing them with her body!
substance abuse, destructive life choices).<br /><br />This film depicts the life of a Janis Joplin-esque rock star (Bette Midler), who goes by "The Rose.
 My only real issue was with the Shakira-esque night club number.
This is not a boring documentary nor is it the Disney-esque fare that you seen in the trailer, however its not depressing by any means.
The fights contain far too much Matrix-esque wire-fu and some of it is so silly that it makes the film ridiculous.
The fights contain far too much Matrix-esque wire-fu and some of it is so silly that it makes the film ridiculous.
we are also introduced to Noah, a kinda Dylan -esque rich guy with lots of baggage but he comes across a lot more likeable and less  self-pitying than Dylan ever did!
 The tone of the series is shifting to more soap-opera-esque narrative strategies.
There is no dramatic music, no rambo-esque talk or actions just a simple feel of what went on.
This particular movie is not Harry Potter. It is Harry Potter-esque.
Harry is a suitably stroppy teenager, in fact really stroppy, and the whole plot seems to be fairly "woe is me"-esque.
You may pleasantly be surprised. People that enjoy Corman-esque films may give this a higher rating yet I believe that it is trying excessively hard to be campy.
You may pleasantly be surprised. People that enjoy Corman-esque films may give this a higher rating yet I believe that it is trying excessively hard to be campy.
You may pleasantly be surprised. People that enjoy Corman-esque films may give this a higher rating yet I believe that it is trying excessively hard to be campy.
 However, the films greatest strength is its style.  From the great special effects, seamless CGI enhancements, Elfman-esque soundtrack, distinct cinematography, and consistent bombardment of Halloween imagery to tie it all together, Dougherty has crafted a nearly perfect movie destined for cult-classic status.
 Then the music washed in and the frame expanded to a very Widescreen John Carpenter-esque Panavision shot with flickering jack o' lanterns in the corner and a Little Red Riding Hood walking through some moonlit woods.
 What follows is a short series of excellent stand-alone episodes (including the introduction of the fascinating, X-Men-esque Gwen) before Cordelia's inevitable return and the start of the season's thrill ride of a plot.
Jonathan Glazer's Sexy Beast. (The only other exceptions would be Gangster No.1 and Guy Ritchie's own highly Lock Stock-esque Snatch).
As a Peyton Place-esque New England town braces for its worst winter bashing in decades, a dark-eyed (sometimes) baddie we learn later is a dominion of evil itself, also blows into town, and soon the dead bodies pile up.
2009.  The movie also shows how Harvey Milk was an important force in derailing the bigoted Joseph McCarthey-esque statewide Briggs Initiative, which would have required the firing of gay teachers and their supporters in the California Public Schools.
This is a very cool Nightmare On Elm Street-esque horror flick that does everything right.
 His Fellini-esque Fabrizio (in &quot;Why do some women  have trouble achieving orgasm?
. . <p>. . . and so it is with `Memento', a pastiche of Jim<br />Thompson-esque crime cliches complicated, but not<br />deepened, by a fairly original cinematic device.
. . <p>. . . and so it is with `Memento', a pastiche of Jim<br />Thompson-esque crime cliches complicated, but not<br />deepened, by a fairly original cinematic device.
For example, the way Freddy kills &quot;John Doe&quot; with his Wile E. Coyote-esque rig and stuff of the sort.
 <p>It's a great ride, too, with very Matrix-esque action sequences that pull you along at great speed, catapulting you into this "underground" world.
Do not be led astray by the excellently edited theatrical preview for this film, it is neither a successful Matrix-esque actioner nor a star-crossed romance pic.
That said, I still enjoyed the R&J-esque story, and how it combined the already connected lores.
After my second viewing of this film I figured I'd get around to writing a review. In an our-world noir-esque film, vampires and werewolves are in an age old war to defeat one or the another.
So far so good--you weren't expecting Bergman-esque psychological depth, were you?
 Whoa!  Then there's some Matrix-esque stuff that doesn't resemble the Matrix.
or super-hero-esque.
Right, and finds Mrs. Partly-Right instead, drove me crazy with their Woody Allen-esque attempts to be intellectually funny.
almost Kirby-esque.
Tommy quickly rises up the boxing ranks, but betrays Rocky by signing with Don King-esque promoter George Washington Duke (Richard Gant) in order to get a title shot.
"T2" immediately does away with the Del James-esque poetics of the first film and goes for pure commercialism.
Do you even care?), he and his bride go running and prancing through the forest while some miserable Carly Simon-esque song plays.
But it takes a tripper after some drug use for him to reconsider. Reluctantly (VERY reluctantly, almost a la C.S. Lewis-esque) accepting Jesus, he decides to use a useful skill of his (construction) to build a new area for orphans.
 The DVD  version of the movie, an entertaining, Almodovar-esque comedic melodrama,  also has an informative and funny commentary track.
 I'm totally amazed at how realistic and "Animal Planet-esque" they have made this show.
As he struggles against giving the order for a My Lai-esque massacre of an unarmed Turkish convoy, Lawrence's face [animated by the incomparable acting of Peter O'Toole] all but says: "Now could I drink hot blood!
With its exquisite black-and-white shots of Monument Valley, assured acting, and Custer-esque storyline, "Apache" is an enduring Western winner.
About a half-dozen escapees from a Siberian prison set off on a Cacciatto-esque hike to someplace, anyplace that will have them (China?
While they may be down on their luck, their basic dignity is well illustrated in typical  Capra-esque fashion, and the film provides an excellent example that people  of all ages and station can be represented as interesting and attractive  characters.
 Like others have said, Oliver Stone was the films flaw.  Had it been Tarantino-esque in it's directing, I think it would have had more appeal, and less of the headache flavor.
Or maybe it's the other way around. In either case, &quot;It's the Rage&quot; may be intriguing on its Tarantino-esque surface and commendable for its anti-gun social message, but the film can't help but fail as these two impulses fight it out.
They seem to be conected to each other somehow, even though they don't know it. It is an altman-esque movie added guns.
 The apes inhabit a Flintstone-esque city and are divided into three different castes, the Orangutangs, who are the politicans and keepers of the faith, and seemingly the caste in absolute control, the Gorillas, whoa re the workers and the soldiers, and who seem to occupy the lowest position, and the Chimpanzees, who are the scientists and intellectuals.
Also, catch Melissa Joan Hart the Dee Dees, a tempting pair of Harley Quinn-esque teen villains.
Wiley finds himself embroiled in this cauldron of intrigue, and uses his electrical engineering training, in MacGyver-esque fashion, to stage a heist of the emeralds and bring Argenti to ruin.
It's quirky and fun, but not in the Juno-esque sense.
so werewolves and vampires were out, Satanism in. So here we get a Wheatley-esque story of powerful people sucked into devil-worship grafted onto an old fashioned Dracula story.
 Combine that with Diablo Cody's Juno-esque dialogue and surprisingly good turns by Fox and Seyfried, and Jennifer's Body ends up being surprisingly enjoyable.
Combine that with Diablo Cody's Juno-esque dialogue and surprisingly good turns by Fox and Seyfried, and Jennifer's Body ends up being surprisingly enjoyable.
The wigs and skinhead caps are hilarious! Stare wide-eyed as one manson-family-esque killer goes haywire, tossing people into a blazing fireplace!
The girl grows up to be a stripper, played blandly by a Lolita-esque Jessica Alba.
The characters ramble on in moments of deep thought, revealing what makes them tick. It's filled to the brim with Arnold-esque one-liners.
There's also a lot of Tarantino-esque recursion in the plot line (not to mention that the character of Miho is straight out the Crazy-88 in _Kill Bill_, and so are her weapons), reminiscent of _Pulp Fiction_: The beginning isn't necessarily the beginning, nor is the end the end.
The "special-effects" graphics and video manipulation delivering cartoon-esque visual cinema has been done ad nauseum--"Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid", "Roger Rabbitt", "Forrest Gump", "Gladiator", are all better examples of like talents used to better results.
The girl grows up to be a stripper, played blandly by a Lolita-esque Jessica Alba.
Instead of adding to tension, these cuts into odd confessionals, jittery music video-esque blurbs, and photo negative images remove the viewer from the urgency of the scene, and make them too aware that they're watching movie.
 Furthermore, it seems as though the generally generic Cinderella-esque plot has been tweaked in such a way as to keep the tale entertaining.
Jimbob" in these pages) that this is a modern Kurosawa-esque film.
Noah Wyle really surprised me, though. He's funny and nerdy-hot and an action hero all at once. It's Indiana Jones-esque.
Everyone here is pitch-perfect: Hepburn, Holden, Bogie and the incomparable Billy Wilder.  This is a classic Cinderella-esque story of a young, poor girl hopelessly in love with the son of her father's employer.
The martial arts sequences were all pretty well done, and I particuarly enjoyed the Batman-esque gadgets that a couple of the rangers were given especially for the film.
 To end on such a Pearl Harbor-esque romantic turn was a huge disappointment to me.
almost-but-not-quite (Uncanny Valley-esque).
 The president (a Clinton-esque Bill Bullman) calls upon military services to fight these creatures.
 Mumbles almost has this Michael Jackson-esque quality about him.
Crisp, gorgeous ice and artic landscapes, almost feels National Geographic-esque at times.
 This suspect, like Toulouse-Lautrec is a dwarf; his house boasts Mondrian-esque stained windows; a particularly brutal murder is framed against Jackson Pollock-like decor.
The series ends in a Laguna Beach graduation episodes-esque manner.
While they may be down on their luck, their basic dignity is well illustrated in typical  Capra-esque fashion, and the film provides an excellent example that people  of all ages and station can be represented as interesting and attractive  characters.
 The female member of the posse is wearing Destiny's Child-esque midriff shirts.
They lost the meaning and it proved to be a typical Twilight Zone-esque horror movie without much intellectual content.
 With "Reloaded", what began as a single successful film becomes an updated "Star Wars"-esque trilogy, with a seemingly unbeatable first film, a middle piece, and a battle-filled climax.
But the ultimate booby prize goes to BARB WIRE. And what boobies! From the opening FLASHDANCE-esque strip club routine, in which millions of gallons of water are sprayed onto heroine Pamela Anderson's bared casabas, Barb Wire is a perky paean to the wonders of silicone.
the Scotland of Trainspotting is a rather depressing land of dingy, Detroit-esque post-industrial decay, and even the natural beauty of the local highlands isn't enough to overcome the cynicism that's overtaken Renton and most of his friends.
Herman Rosse famous for his set designs created the other-worldly-esque, gothic watchtower laboratory.
if you are looking for a Dirty Harry-esque cool fest from eastwood, you will be dissappointed.
 It also has a definite <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000GW8UAE">Simon & Simon - Season One</a>-esque feel to it, being as it is the story of two unlikely and completely opposite partners and the more-than-it-seems adventure they find themselves falling into.
If you loved other French-esque romances like "French Kiss" and "Chocolat", I recommend buying the remake of "Sabrina" and avoiding this farcical insult to love like the plague.
Namely the character Augra is being dubbed with Frank Oz's Miss Piggy-esque voice over and of course there is no music or post-production.
 On the way, he encounters Keira, a girl gelfling, her pomeranian-esque pet, Fizgig (a creature with two sets of teeth and a raging temper), the musical potlins (little hippy creatures who have a lust for life and great music), and many other twists and turns.
 It was even better the second viewing, where one can sink into performances such as Jeremy Renner's Cagney-esque bravado, and the subtle nuances of Affleck's self-direction as Doug McCray.
Lo, the demon, has been summoned by a lovelorn Justin (Ward Roberts) who uses a spell from a necronomicon-esque book which involves spilt blood from self infliction while sitting in a painted pentagram on the floor of his apt.
I didn't even mind the &quot;Fantasia&quot; ending, Dr. Reinhardt and Maximillian togther in a &quot;Dante-esque&quot; hell.
Aside from the obvious fights with The Lizard that would've been too difficult to stage physically, the parkour-esque running around on walls, the acrobatic flips and mid-air twists, and even the way he slinged his arms and shot his webbing felt a lot more in-tune with the character.
However, his Peter  Jackson-esque sense of humor does not fit in though.
 It is utterly and completely lacking of the fairy tale-esque brightness he usually brings to his films.
Thus, he also included the party-girl Monroe-esque character in this film.
Pepper and Green play their Reservoir-Dogs-esque roles capably, though as the film progresses the roles themselves get more ludicrous.
Pepper and Green play their Reservoir-Dogs-esque roles capably, though as the film progresses the roles themselves get more ludicrous.
the voice of the prosecutor is done by John Vernon, the actor who portrayed Dean Wormer in Animal House), the EC-esque B-17 (aka Gremlins, which went through so many script revisions, it's a miracle it got finished at all), the bizarrely hilarious So Beautiful And So Dangerous (ok, maybe there's some truth to the juvenilia charges during this segment, but only a corpse could keep from laughing at this piece), and revenge scenario of Taarna (imagine a tougher, sexier version of Xena, only about a decade and a half earlier).
Namely the character Augra is being dubbed with Frank Oz's Miss Piggy-esque voice over and of course there is no music or post-production.
 On the way, he encounters Keira, a girl gelfling, her pomeranian-esque pet, Fizgig (a creature with two sets of teeth and a raging temper), the musical potlins (little hippy creatures who have a lust for life and great music), and many other twists and turns.
Propelled by Matt Munro's Sinatra-esque rendition of the memorable title tune, this family-friendly nature film directed by James Hill was a must-see when it was originally released in 1966.
It is the beginning of the more internalised works by Cronenberg, though there are still some horror elements (the Giger-esque instruments for operating on mutant women and the dream sequence).
Albeit James Bond-esque, this movie hinges upon everyone fulfilling their role flawlessly and not one of their high-tech gadgets ever failing.
Albeit James Bond-esque, this movie hinges upon everyone fulfilling their role flawlessly and not one of their high-tech gadgets ever failing.
Period.) The "Alien-esque" spawns of the beast were also very well done (one of the characters meets a horrible fate due to one of them.
 This film is basically a civilian's account of a Godzila-esque attack and it works on that level.
It uses a mockumentary-esque feel to it and makes you feel like your part of the movie too with it's DV camera filmmaking and good performances by the cast.
 The only drawback was the collection of slacker, twentysomething, dude-esque nincompoops running around in front of the camera.
Ella also manages to help a dentist who wants to becomes a composer, and a Brando-esque teen actor achieve status.
Deep Roy (from "Big Fish" and "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory") sneaks in too, as the Napoleon-esque skelton.
The story is much closer to one of the Grimm's Fairy Tales, with no Tim Burton-esque moments added.
Sounds Ashton Kutcher-esque to me.
The piano duet sequence with Victor and Victoria playing a moody, Chopin-esque<br /><br />piece is moving, while the underground creatures warble wild Fats Waller-meets-Offenbach numbers.
 All of it done in gaspable color,  bizarre settings and imagery,  in what has led to the very word,  "Fellini-esque".
Ruggles.<br /><br />This movie is Capra-esque in that it addresses social ills for what they are, doesn't try to sugarcoat reality, but instead, shows what could happen when a positive person with the right mindset relizes injustice and decides to make a stand, all the while keeping one entertained with charming humor.
Hungary, by contrast, was nothing but a Disney-esque version of what a communist country ought to have looked like in the mid 50-ies and had it not been for the stupid folk music and the B&W film I would have sworn I'd seen the set somewhere else.
As he struggles against giving the order for a My Lai-esque massacre of an unarmed Turkish convoy, Lawrence's face [animated by the incomparable acting of Peter O'Toole] all but says: "Now could I drink hot blood!
 My only real issue was with the Shakira-esque night club number.
The Isaac Asimov-esque robot, the massive flood, the large-scale destruction of the undercity, the masses of vehicles travelling outside, the huge interactive set-pieces - every visual element of this movie is absolutely stunning.
In the far future in a large New York-esque city, it seems workers are struggling with people called "Thinkers" who are like the bosses that makes plans and being a big corporation.
When an important executive of the NASA-esque company where Hawke works is murdered, he becomes the prime suspect when an eyelash of his is identifed during the police investigation.
Granted, Gattaca certainly tries to be all things to all people - it sells itself variously as a Philip K. Dick-esque sci-fi, as a Tense Political Thriller, an Edgy Romance, even as a Rumination on Filial Love and Obligation - but in my book it fails badly on every count.
 "The Terrorist Attack" was definitely a brilliant episode, raising the Seinfeld-esque question about the etiquette of knowing a terrorist attack is coming - who do you tell?
 But, who watches this sorta film for the plot?  Stylistically, I was shocked by just how Fulci-esque this film is.
Although the Italian horror/slasher genre of the 1970's includes many films that aren't exactly Disney-esque, I found "The New York Ripper" to be a particularly unpleasant ride.
As the opening Addams Family-esque credits by Pablo Ferro rolled over blatant love scenes between planes and phallic missiles and meadow lark love scene music trickled to my ears, I knew I was in for a treat.
 It didn't really feel like an adventure, as one might assume from her Indiana Jones-esque character.
I especially got a kick out of Lars, the Yanni-esque boyfriend of Sara (Beckinsale).
 Actors' faces pushed close into wide-angle lenses, Edward Hopper-esque still settings of the "bunny family," actors leaning into still shots from out of frame, light and shadow and noise used to completely shock your senses.
Plus, it's quite long and most people barely have enough patience to get through an hour and a half of a typical Lynch-esque story line.
But for those wanting to experience something a little different- a Hollywood-esque attempt at a history lesson with some tango, pop, and theatre thrown in, EVITA may be the movie for you.
Romero is perhaps the best horror movie of the year! this is a very "Blair Witch Project" and "Cannibal Holocaust"-esque movie that  takes the viewer on a terrifying and grisly journey through hell from the eyes of filmmakers in their point of view.
His sudden epiphany as bow-wielding hero and Yoda-esque wise man is more than a bit too much to accept.
If you haven't, it will be on par with another Buffy the Vampire Slayer-esque universe of bad makeup, and retarded stories.
Let's start (and maybe finish) with my first complaint. What's with that sappy, cigar addled Jimney Cricket-esque, nostalgia-obsessed - cliched beyond belief - narration that accompanies black and white shots from the past as boringly as any car commercial?
John Constanstine". It's a mix of H.P. Lovecraft-esque horror, fantasy and action combined with some dazzling special effects and an intriguing story, the main character is quite a complex and tragic hero that shows us the way to hell and heaven in this movie.
Pepper and Green play their Reservoir-Dogs-esque roles capably, though as the film progresses the roles themselves get more ludicrous.
As usual, there's a lot going on that makes no real sense within the story (McConaughey's Rube Goldberg-esque prosthetic leg, the insane CIA agent played by a chilling John Gale, etc.
I've got to hand it to Roger Corman for this one; Wasp Woman is a pretty darn good movie (albeit with vintage Corman-esque not so special effects).
Price&quot; (and he even grew a Vincent-esque mustache.
It was highly enjoyable and scary enough for my taste in its B movie way. Some great John Carpenter-esque performances.
 Though Carpenter enlists certain elements that may be stereotypical, such as the Romero-esque zombies and the notion of all-encompassing evil attempting to over-take good, Carpenter adds his own unique twists.
 Like others have said, Oliver Stone was the films flaw.  Had it been Tarantino-esque in it's directing, I think it would have had more appeal, and less of the headache flavor.
 The cinematography is the strongest aspect of this movie.  You'll be transported into a beautiful Eden-esque valley that seems too good to be true.
 The cinematography is the strongest aspect of this movie.  You'll be transported into a beautiful Eden-esque valley that seems too good to be true.
I give the 2 stars for two reasons: Combs and some pretty cool stuff in the last act. Kind of Tim Burton-esque--a good thing in my book--looks like an actual dream/nightmare, and some pretty creepy creations.
Right, and finds Mrs. Partly-Right instead, drove me crazy with their Woody Allen-esque attempts to be intellectually funny.
The Tucker Torpedo. It's done in a very period-esque style, indulging in many styles of the 1940s, from the big band sounds from that era, to the flaky movie style.
 Despite being top-billed, she has very little screen time.  Furthermore, her sole outfit includes the lumberjack-esque shoulder pads that were the style in 1946, and a very dated hat, which she never removes throughout the picture.
How could they downplay the role of the tree? Why was it not introduced immediately? Why the Dead Poet-esque beginning?
James Mason at his Nemo-esque best with Jack Cardiff thrown in for good measure.
(my least favorite part is easily the way that, when the vampires bite, their mouths extend to a ludicrous Steven Tyler-esque proportion.
It was his cunning and wisdom that defeated Dracula, not a rapid fire cross bow and Dresden Files-esque duster.
 <p>Leonardo Dicaprio plays Romeo as a misunderstood James Dean-esque rebel with a mysterious aura about him.
DiCaprio's very Shakespeare-in-the-Park-esque Romeo was rather disappointing.
Also, catch Melissa Joan Hart the Dee Dees, a tempting pair of Harley Quinn-esque teen villains.
2009.  The movie also shows how Harvey Milk was an important force in derailing the bigoted Joseph McCarthey-esque statewide Briggs Initiative, which would have required the firing of gay teachers and their supporters in the California Public Schools.
A gratuitous music video-esque performance by singer Ashanti chops up the flow of the plot and seems out of place in the middle of the film.
 That's 100% good with me so right away I was expecting a Kubrick-esque film.
 All the others are new and of inconsistent quality.  Donald Duck is a Noah-esque hero set to Elgar's Pomp and Circumstance; butterflies dance to Beethoven's 5th Symphony; whales fly as we hear Respighi's Pines of Rome; Al Hirschfeld-esque drawings animate Gershwin's Rhapsody in Blue; Saint-Saen's Carnival of the Animals is accompanied by flamingos with a yo-yo; Nature battles destructive forces to Stravinsky's Firebird Suite; and Shostakovich's Piano Concerto No.
 All the others are new and of inconsistent quality.  Donald Duck is a Noah-esque hero set to Elgar's Pomp and Circumstance; butterflies dance to Beethoven's 5th Symphony; whales fly as we hear Respighi's Pines of Rome; Al Hirschfeld-esque drawings animate Gershwin's Rhapsody in Blue; Saint-Saen's Carnival of the Animals is accompanied by flamingos with a yo-yo; Nature battles destructive forces to Stravinsky's Firebird Suite; and Shostakovich's Piano Concerto No.
The soft-focused, noir-esque, 1930s-style retrofuture of "Sky Captain" is a visual feast to behold, unabashedly revelling in obvious influences as Lang's "Metropolis" and B-movies of the 1930s.
No one knows who is behind this until they call Sky Captain (Jude Law) who has his own incredible James Bond-esque plane that can swim under water as well as fly.
When an important executive of the NASA-esque company where Hawke works is murdered, he becomes the prime suspect when an eyelash of his is identifed during the police investigation.
Granted, Gattaca certainly tries to be all things to all people - it sells itself variously as a Philip K. Dick-esque sci-fi, as a Tense Political Thriller, an Edgy Romance, even as a Rumination on Filial Love and Obligation - but in my book it fails badly on every count.
Woody Allen has never made a secret of Ingmar Bergman's influence on his work.  VICKY CRISTINA BARCELONA is very Bergman-esque, but it also somehow remains distinctly Woody Allen.
 The rest of the cast, especially Gary Cole, who comes very close to Eugene Levy-esque father-figure status, is superb.
 The rest of the cast, especially Gary Cole, who comes very close to Eugene Levy-esque father-figure status, is superb.
Even though it has been said that this movie is Matrix-esque, the feeling will pass as soon as you notice that these characters and story stand on their own feet well enough, and with a solid ending, no extremely obvious loose ends or loop-holes, and best of all, no sprinkle-in-a-sex-scene rubbish this is THE movie to see next friday night.
Everyone is extremely Barbie-esque - perfect posture, perfect hair, perfect nails, perfect smiles, all while wearing back-breaking high-heel shoes.
Somethings about this movie lack a lot and some might say its a Pulp Fiction-esque type movie and it is in its only little world.
Even the absurdity is predictable.<br /><br />I imagine this was conceived as a Charlie Kaufman-esque type of story, but it lacks the spontaneity and wit that Kaufman has employed to good effect.
If Walt was willing to die, a more Eastwood-esque ending of going in guns blazing would have made a LOT more sense.
Oh, boy, was this movie offensive.<br /><br />I'm not even talking about the rampant Archie Bunker-esque racist remarks coming from the mouth of angry old Mr.
 Only Clint Eastwood can deliver the lines he does in this movie and make them work.  They're so Clint Eastwood-esque.
The only thing that could have made it worse would be for John Cusack to pop up with a 2012-esque performance.
As you can imagine, the tension rises as everyone accuses everyone else of being an alien, and a Macarthy-esque hunt ensues.
The movie turns into a whodunnit of sorts, but without resorting to "Scream"-esque cliches.
There's Casey (Elijah Wood), the Steven King-esque nerd, Delilah (Jordana Brewster) the cheerleader/newspaper editor, Stan (Shawn Hatosy) the jock who wants to focus on his grades, Stokely (Clea DuVall) the goth, possibly a lesbian and the fountain of all knowledge on science fiction, Mary Beth (Laura Harris) the new girl from Atlanta, and Zeke (Josh Hartnett) the bad-boy who's the school's local drug dealer.
By the end of the day...so much 80's-esque zany comedic situation has occurred you won't believe it.
 Yes, it's a romantic comedy, but it's Hemingway-esque sad, with 90% of the emotion weeping beneath the surface.
 Yes, it's a romantic comedy, but it's Hemingway-esque sad, with 90% of the emotion weeping beneath the surface.
Behind Dawn O'Keefe's house, two Simpsons-esque power plant stacks rise, gushing out feathered, cotton candy smoke.
 Make no mistake the revolting peasants were not a mass of Ghandi-esque passive resisters, and he'd already issued two calls for them to bring the revolt to a peaceful end before he finally endorsed the Princes taking control by force.
Haha. (Ok, so thats only funny if you've seen it.) I love the opening credits in this piece- the cuckoo clock-esque characters in their cookie cutter houses.
In its attempt to be another American Beauty-esque slice of suburban life, The Safety of Objects becomes a caricature of itself.
a stately mansion/castle w/ intensely loyal servants and a cavalcade of one-of-a-kind gizmos and James-Bond-esque weapons and gadgets, not to mention a garage full of Jaguars, Porsches and BMW's.
A unique Twilight Zone-esque tale with fine performances and creepy moments.
 The cinematography is the strongest aspect of this movie.  You'll be transported into a beautiful Eden-esque valley that seems too good to be true.
 Curmudgeons may say that it's nothing more than a Scream-esque parody of horror movie chestnuts, but the approach is really quite different.
Without question, Cabin Fever is the best modern horror flick of our time. Unlike the usual predictable teen MTV-esque films, it delivers a lot more scares and surprises at every turn, and DOES NOT just rely on the blood and gore.
 He spends approximately 80% of the film, making exaggerated "all work and no play..."-esque faces.
. . <p>. . . and so it is with `Memento', a pastiche of Jim<br />Thompson-esque crime cliches complicated, but not<br />deepened, by a fairly original cinematic device.
Combine this visual quality with the scenery and waves of costal mexico, top notch surfing and easy going travelogue-esque story telling and you have the best surf film I've seen in a *long* time.
 ///// Dana: Hello, Peter. Peter Venkman: [whips around Melodramatically, and speaks in a soap opera-esque deep tone] Hello, Dana.
 Bruce Willis is wonderful as the Rambo-esque superguy who outwits, outplays, and outlasts the heavily-armed killers, and reveals just enough of his tender side to endear his character to the audience.
 Like others have said, Oliver Stone was the films flaw.  Had it been Tarantino-esque in it's directing, I think it would have had more appeal, and less of the headache flavor.
As a huge fan of 2001: A Space Odyssey, the 80's aesthetic, analog synthesizers, 60's cults, drugs, Cronenberg-esque villians, and dated depictions of the future, this film is a complete home run for me.
 The movie was a little top heavy with typical Shatner-esque self-indulgence(he directed of course).
The premis was there. Very Akira-esque in its potential direction.
Pepper and Green play their Reservoir-Dogs-esque roles capably, though as the film progresses the roles themselves get more ludicrous.
 They must rise to the supreme challenge after the reigning superhero, a corporate-sponsored, Ken Doll-esque Greg Kinnear, gets vaporized by one of the good guys.
We meet Bill Hendrickson, husband, father and entrepreneur, who owns of Hendrickson's Home Plus, a Wal-Mart-esque store with  with a perfect wife, Barb- a substitute teacher, a proud member of LDS, who survived cancer- and together, they have three great, beautiful children and a beautiful house in a beautiful neighborhood in a Utah Suburb.
 It has an almost Troma-esque feel to it (and if you're considering buying this movie, you know who Troma is).
 Well, there is a bit of inspired casting with Leslie Nielsen as a G.W. Bush-esque president and I always like to see people make fun of "The Village", but ultimately it is pretty much like a Mad Magazine article.
At moments, it almost descends into a Mel Gibson-esque orgy of pain.
 There was also a little bit of Pulp Fiction-esque cinematography, especially in the beggining, which was done nicely.
a movie for adults (don't go into this expecting a simple, Barney-esque plot) that gives its viewers a childish glee.
 There was also a little bit of Pulp Fiction-esque cinematography, especially in the beggining, which was done nicely.
a movie for adults (don't go into this expecting a simple, Barney-esque plot) that gives its viewers a childish glee.
 Kitano is a darker, more sinister Zatoichi, and the action is a lot more Tarantino-esque.
 Some nice slow-motion, Matrix-esque bullet dodging scenes, and the JCVD kicks are always classic, but there's just too much to truly enjoy.
Rodman's character, a shady special arms dealer, does add some brightness with his 007-esque cadre of tech gadgets.
 Furthermore, it seems as though the generally generic Cinderella-esque plot has been tweaked in such a way as to keep the tale entertaining.
And while Faye undeniably gets the right bandmember in the end, Lamarr the concierge's 'Love Boat'-esque intervention in the process is wholly unnecessary.
 The acting is mostly laughable.  Richard Burton is downright Shatner-esque in his portrayal of a drunk ex-minister.
Dennis Farina plays a Colombo-esque L.
This movie contains a bit of everything: Coen-esque directing, which is always a pro, a witty screenplay, funny storyline, very well casted, etc.
While they may be down on their luck, their basic dignity is well illustrated in typical  Capra-esque fashion, and the film provides an excellent example that people  of all ages and station can be represented as interesting and attractive  characters.
Well all have their own reason to like the show, but for me I think what won me over was the "90s-esque" cartoon dialogue in combination with the cute art style.
She has talent, but unfortunately is stuck with the films lamest lines. People criticize the films 'Matrix-esque' effects and stunts.
I actually enjoyed the fact that Trinity took on a sort of Shaft-esque vibe, especially in the opening sequence where Blade emerges from the fire and the camera freezes at various points in the action during the credits, very much like what you'd see in a 70's blaxpoitation film.
It is the beginning of the more internalised works by Cronenberg, though there are still some horror elements (the Giger-esque instruments for operating on mutant women and the dream sequence).
 It is not Disney-esque.
 Look at the title and cover.  It is NOT meant to be a PBS-esque formal documentary of comparative religion.
There was at least one scene that the camera zoomed in on her face. She has a Demi-esque appearance.
His near silent performance steals every scene in a Chaplin / Keaton-esque way.
Actually, this is pretty much the whole movie. David Cronenberg's Matrix-esque film was one of the many cyberpunk films of 1999, among &quot;The Matrix,&quot; &quot;The Thirteenth Floor,&quot; and &quot;Menno's Mind.
And it never strays to the realm of the over-the-top murder tales that are full of larger-than-life characters and Clue-esque easy answers.
I can see why this long pregnant wait leaves some viewers wraught. But personally I found this Agatha Christie-esque unravelling of each individual's idiosynchrasies fascinating, because it sets up a "motive" for several of our characters.
It's twice as much fun if many people COULD have executed the murder. <p>Enter: Stephen Fry as a very Sherlock Holmes-esque investigator, pipe and trenchcoat and all.
And it never strays to the realm of the over-the-top murder tales that are full of larger-than-life characters and Clue-esque easy answers.
I can see why this long pregnant wait leaves some viewers wraught. But personally I found this Agatha Christie-esque unravelling of each individual's idiosynchrasies fascinating, because it sets up a "motive" for several of our characters.
It's twice as much fun if many people COULD have executed the murder. <p>Enter: Stephen Fry as a very Sherlock Holmes-esque investigator, pipe and trenchcoat and all.
Are they merely a whimsical afterthought to the plot to give the kids some cartoonish mayhem or a Fellini-esque effort to disorient the audience even further in this already baffling world?
 There were Matrix-esque slow motion bits, and even a "do something at a control panel before time runs out" bit.
beautifully flawed. and the villain-esque guy is so powerful.
 Even if you don't like boxing, even if you're hoping for a ROCKY-esque film, you won't be disappointed in MILLION DOLLAR BABY.
(He deserves the compliment of 'Kubrick-esque' for this work.
The city becomes something of an "Omega Man-esque" metroscape where everything is available for the taking but lurking in the darkness wait the afflicted ready to attack.
Sometimes this film looks very Disney-esque or something out of a 60's "Wild Kingdom" episode and the narrative style complete with accompanying music will look and sound very hokey to many.
its..."mature" aspects. No there's no sex but there's some small amounts of violence(don't worry, nothing Sleepy Hollow-esque here).
All in all, great for Bey/Bruckheimer-esque entertainment, but horrible in everything else.
 I went into 'Charlie's Angels' wanting only to see a little Bond-esque action and, of course, Lucy Liu.
Every time the film employs cheesy '70s-esque montage sequences, every time the camera goes wicked slow when the girls toss their hair, and every time an action scene comes up (which takes things from films like The Matrix, Mission: Impossible, and True Lies), it's all a parody.
All in all, great for Bey/Bruckheimer-esque entertainment, but horrible in everything else.
Right, and finds Mrs. Partly-Right instead, drove me crazy with their Woody Allen-esque attempts to be intellectually funny.
He is thereafter dogged by his conscience as well as by a leering, Caligari-esque mesmerist brilliantly played by Boris Karloff.
Johnny was the most powerful songwriter of that group, with his Leadbelly-esque compostional style of chronicling hard times.
The girls run into him, he does something serial killer-esque, and he just starts laughing in this creepy but hilarious laugh.
Dead End finds the pack of forest dwelling inbred cannibals stalking the cast and crew of a reality TV, Survivor-esque show.
Both of them still being ogres does nothing for the Hollywood-esque society.
It's true. A talking alien plant set to take over the world, a hero out of a zero, three Ronettes-esque ladies with fantastic voices, a sadistic dentist - this movie is awesome.
His 90's, Bill Gates-esque character is also brilliantly portrayed, persuing his beloved while silently rubbing his success in the faces of everyone at the reunion.
 Bruce Willis is wonderful as the Rambo-esque superguy who outwits, outplays, and outlasts the heavily-armed killers, and reveals just enough of his tender side to endear his character to the audience.
I don't expect the most intricate music in a musical comedy, but the tunes sound like cookie-cutter Simpsons-esque paradies of musical music.
 Probably the most appropriate scene using bad language was between Vivi and Teensie during a "chicken-esque" car scene.
Natalie Portman sports one of the best, most adorable Pageboy Bobs in the universe. Her amazing "young Uma Thurman-esque" face and voice and acting are amplified 100-fold by the hairstyle that she so unfortnuatly had for only this one movie.
The street sounds disappear and the only thing you hear is a repetitive, painfully sweet, tango-esque tune that saturates your imagination every time you think of her, every time you see her, every time she walks up and down that long and narrow flight of stone steps.
A very alien-esque insect that's aggressive and dangerous unlike anything she's ever seen before, she falls for a gorgeous lesbian chick named Misty (Erin Brown a.
I wish I had some idea of where and how it was filmed. The thoughtfulness of it is Kurosawa-esque.
Playing the Keanu-esque foil to McConaughey's Swayze, Christian Bale returns every hardened stare, lets no machismo go unanswered, no muscle flex go un-flexed back at, and he'll be damned if he puts a shirt on either.
The film almost takes a Capra-esque turn but writers Hanks and Nia Vardalos (<a href="http://www.
it's a crazy comedy that reaches for Adam Sandler-esque heights (think "Little Nicky" lite).
This movie is, in fact, hilarious. It's a pleasant blend of Anchorman-esque humor and Super Bad style punchy jokes.
I didn't even need a story- I'd watch hours of the luscious Dali-esque landscapes, flowing ethereal fabric, and twisted Kevorkian-esque creations that make up this film.
Wrong!<p>Moreover, while the imagery in the film is visually stunning and, oftentimes, quite beautiful, almost Dali-esque in its conception and execution, it cannot carry and sustain the film, when the plot and story line thin out.
 Even veteran actor Sam Neill couldn't escape the clutches of clich&eacute; as he played the same father-esque figure that we have seen time and time again in this genre of film.
 This is a simple Willy Wonka-esque story, 90 minutes of enchanting entertainment without hype or preachiness.
The annoying Disney-esque familiar to our villain, Rasputan, is an obnoxious little white bat (which channels Iago from Aladdin) who inexplicably moves from being a sinister and vindictive side-kick to an unwilling and disinterested participant to his master's evil scheme.
Gene Wilder's narration adds an appropriate sense of Willy Wonka-esque wonder to this solid overview of the 1893 Chicago World's Fair.
 This is a simple Willy Wonka-esque story, 90 minutes of enchanting entertainment without hype or preachiness.
I love how the film has a mix of fantasy with H.P. Lovecraft-esque themes to it and of course some good timed humor mixed in, this is one of the greatest comic book movies in recent memory and a true must see!
 The "Labyrinth"-esque set at the end is particularly good.
McGinley). The stage is set, and the movie makes its Easy Rider-esque way through the West.
 Some nice slow-motion, Matrix-esque bullet dodging scenes, and the JCVD kicks are always classic, but there's just too much to truly enjoy.
Rodman's character, a shady special arms dealer, does add some brightness with his 007-esque cadre of tech gadgets.
Nothing Hollywood-esque about this film.
(I swear, there's something about candy-esque colors like that, soft and bright at the same time, that activates the emotion centers of the brain.
 Furthermore, it seems as though the generally generic Cinderella-esque plot has been tweaked in such a way as to keep the tale entertaining.
 You're not going to see some amazing James Cameron-esque special effects and lighting here.
The actors are easy on the eyes and believable (particularly the low-key, girl-next-door-esque Lori Heuring).
 "Crouching Tiger" surprised many people with it's "Disney-esque" or "Wizard Of Oz" fantasy plot and visuals, but "Hero" defines the understanding of the secret developments of real warriors.
 Nothing profound here, but solidly entertaining, with shades of Tarantinoesque dialogue and Ritchie-esque stylings.
Jane Kaczmarek and her kooky cross eyes and throaty laugh! The over the top Francesca Annis who has the most soap opera-esque character and carries it off like a operatic diva on stage.
If you are expecting Deepa Mehta-esque type story telling.
I love the music in the film, it's repetitive, addictive, and Fame-esque.
 xXx uses a plethora of James Bond-esque type gadgets and excellorates them using X-Treme sports.
 It includes photos and even audio of his Beatles-esque band The Cellarmen (with Eric on vocals!
 What's the point?  Every time civilization is engulfed in some sort of cannibalistic, zombie-esque plague many questions get begged and then I fail to enjoy the movie.
Where Smith usually shines, in his predictable hero-esque roles, he fails here--as a scientist who experiment goes wrong.
 I'm glad the directors took a different approach to the Twilight Zone-esque themes of vampires that the original book took.
I was watching this film thinking when is this going to get good? whats the point? This can be considered a donnie darko-esque picture for 2005- though nowhere near as good as Darko.
Instead of using his amazingly beautiful and simple poster for this DVD cover, there is a late 80's-early 90's-esque slash graphic ala "Fatal Attraction" and its hordes of copy cat posters that followed.
Depp's performance was too Michael Jackson-esque for my liking.
For, make no mistake, Tim Burton's adaptation of Roald Dahl's classic novel, is very "Burton-esque.
The real star of this story is not the quasi-humans who populate its color-saturated Dali-esque landscape, but the candy around whom their lives center.
Look also for the "Sgt. Pepper"-esque nut house with the (largely real) team of nut-cracking squirrels, the "2001: Space Odyssey" (with the bombastic Strauss fanfare) WonkaVision studios, and other touches that really make Depp, in particular, such a marvelously spooky-kooky guy.
Therefore if you are not a child, but still enjoy dooby-enhanced mind trip or generally odd, Alice-in-Wonderland-esque stories, then you will find interest in this movie.
 The initial scenes of Charlie's crooked, dilapidated house and the huge city that surrounds it are as Dahl-esque as you can hope for.
 They're almost DALI-esque, in fact.
 <p>Danny Devito plays what may well have been his last truly funny role, made all the more hilarious because his Brando-esque character takes himself almost as seriously as DeVito takes himself these days.
While the more intense persona isn't seen, he nails that playboy-esque side of 007 as well as the resourceful and knowledgeable side who can shoot his way through anything.
While Marlon does as much as he can (despite some CW-esque jokes thrown in there), his character isn't that memorable and leaves the movie like that with no reason why.
Lee created a new super hero with chameleon-esque powers (don't ask me how, it is never clearly explained) who battles a race of human/chameleons who want to "take over the world".
 The songs are cute and Disney-esque, and Alice's adventures inspire all of the many imaginative people out in the world.
I didn't even mind the &quot;Fantasia&quot; ending, Dr. Reinhardt and Maximillian togther in a &quot;Dante-esque&quot; hell.
When the protagonist stumbles upon a conspiracy in the city above, involving a Burroughs/Cronenberg-esque "human bomb", we are left wondering what the reason behind it all was.
 no problems here. the movie  begins to fall apart with some of its more Matrix-esque fight scenes.
If you like Henry Jaglom films, which usually consist of Woody Allen-esque talking heads, you will enjoy this attempt to explore character in the guise of a large theatrical family.
In the Italian horror films I've seen I'm typically treated to either a Goblin soundtrack, or a Goblin-esque soundtrack.
Lovecraft-esque  Italian supernatural horror thriller from Lucio Fulci is one of his greatest and coolest movies ever.
Her huge eyes are definitely a high point. There's a nice bathtub scene with, alas, too many bubbles. Her Morticia-esque looks and perma-frown are perfect for the gloomy happenings.
Cars 2 just feels very flat emotionally, and loaded with Michael Bay-esque pyrotechnics to compensate.
Without Godard writing the blueprint on how to be a film essayist, there wouldn't be a Tarantino-esque (QT also owes a lot to Elmore Leonard, Scorsese, DePalma, and blaxploitation.
One of the finest ways that this is captured is the poetic and ballet-esque motion of the battle sequences.
There were hints of Braveheart-esque traits but sadly this film, while excellent in its own right, falls short.
Smith with a Guy Fawkes mask.  John Hurt is also great, giving a Hitler-esque performance, from everything from his spitting when he talks to his strong bodily movements.
John Hurt plays the leader of the government, a Hitler-esque fascist, but he was largely one-dimensional.
John Hurt does a more than believable job as a Hitler-esque leader, angrily addressing England's people, scaring them into following blindly.
 V for Vendetta is a sci-fi-esque thriller with a connection to today's world.
Jamal soon learns that the old man is William Forrester, a J.D. Salinger-esque novelist who wrote one widely acclaimed novel (think "Catcher In The Rye") and then disappeared from public view.
 He's perfect as the boozing J.D. Salinger-esque recluse, a man who can dominate a room by just raising one of his disheveled eyebrows.
 Hearing the name Joss Whedon attached to the film, I had visions of Buffy-esque plot twists gone sci-fi.
The scenery in this movie pops to perfection in each of its different striking art styles. Be it classic and drawn-esque, or state of the art CGI, this movie is simply a beautiful sight to behold.
 And for someone expecting to see a new Final Fantasy-esque storyline on the silver screen, my expectations were not met.
add to this fledgling CGI, from Industrial Light &amp; Magic; some Disney-esque lightness, (and some Disney-esque darkness), in a well-balanced way, and most of all, characters who secure your emotional interest until the final credit has rolled.
The suspense was incredible, the camera work was great (with several Hitchcock-esque shots added in the mix), the plot was nicely twisted.
 That neither Bridges nor Robbins are Superstar Icons with Tom Cruise-like looks or Schwarzenegger-esque muscles makes the film all the more believable.
 (*That's not a typo; it stood for Y.outh I.nternational P.arty.)<br /><br />In the meantime, a Peggy Noonan-esque reporter, Janine Bach (Meryl Streep), is interviewing G.
 (*That's not a typo; it stood for Y.outh I.nternational P.arty.)<br /><br />In the meantime, a Peggy Noonan-esque reporter, Janine Bach (Meryl Streep), is interviewing G.
 And having seen both versions, I can assure you that the additional rainbow really brings out the Tim Burton-esque zaniness that the movie tries to achieve.
 I was hoping for a horror movie with a twist and what I got instead was a 1.5 hour, Buffy-esque type story reminiscent of season 4 with the government run "Initiative.
Because of this air of secrecy, I went into the movie thinking it would probably feature an M Night-esque twist and ultimately get filed under "Things Rod Serling Did Better" (although I knew the dialogue and characterization would be better than Shyamalan's because of Joss Whedon's involvement).
An aggressive fridge with a mind of its own sounds Monty Python-esque when you first hear about it, but trust me, you won't be laughing by the end of the movie.
 What?  So, in this version, we do have a Dracula-esque human being who takes the young lad under his wing.
I cried buckets at the end. All in all, I think the filmmakers did a good job. There were some painfully Disney-esque moments, but for the most part, the filmmakers practiced reasonable restraint and avoided the gagging-smarm-factor.
 He has zero, and I mean no chemistry with the barbie-esque Christie, who only needs a gingham dress to remind me of one of the gals from Petticoat Junction.
 He has zero, and I mean no chemistry with the barbie-esque Christie, who only needs a gingham dress to remind me of one of the gals from Petticoat Junction.
The one-on-one finale is a gritty Steven Seagal-esque encounter, with no question whatsoever whether or not Dolph is going to win.
 In 2004, Rob Thomas' Chandler-esque take on high school hit UPN (and later the CW) as "<a href="http://www.
 It's a surreal and haunting work of art:  the lighting, the faces, the music, editing, the Hammett-esque dialog.
This is quite a treat.  Great effects and cinematography and the acting is really quite good.  Very epic and Tim Burton-esque.
I especially loved the ending, it was original.<p>There is a Tenchi-esque feel to this series, so if you like Tenchi, you'll love this.
And, of course, the film has gore gore, violence violence. The film caters to fans of the Conan-esque genre (gritty violence, barbarian characters, bloody gore action) and, surprisingly, the heavy metal genre.
One other cast member of note would be James Woods ("Hercules") who plays a Don King-esque promoter (complete with wild, stand-up straight hair) for the competition.
Jamal soon learns that the old man is William Forrester, a J.D. Salinger-esque novelist who wrote one widely acclaimed novel (think "Catcher In The Rye") and then disappeared from public view.
 He's perfect as the boozing J.D. Salinger-esque recluse, a man who can dominate a room by just raising one of his disheveled eyebrows.
 In "Spice World," the girls take on a world tour with Bond-esque style.
What fun! Scrap the past 40 years of music development and go straight back into the good old jazz/Chicago-esque style.
One other cast member of note would be James Woods ("Hercules") who plays a Don King-esque promoter (complete with wild, stand-up straight hair) for the competition.
Hmmm! This one caught me by surprise. It's an un-Spike Lee-esque joint.
I guess I rented it just out of curiosity to see how it compared to all the other Woody Allen-esque excuses for borderline jailbait romances I assumed it would be just based on the cover.
 "L.627" demonstrates powerful acting, documentary-esque camera work, and a chilling theme, but the honesty lies within Tavernier's storytelling.
Garcia finds himself having to "service" the years-younger wife of Coburn. He's an old Hemingway-esque writer, who's working on one last book and permits the young wife to amuse herself since he's too sick to do much of that kind of thing anymore.
&quot;Evil Dead&quot; is indeed without question, the BEST zombie-esque movie since &quot;Night Of The Living Dead&quot;, and is a non-stop thrill ride at every turn!
Sleek cars, stuffy old men, and a Madonna-esque, high spirited girl are the ingredients of this 1980's comedy that has since reached cult status deservingly.
His near silent performance steals every scene in a Chaplin / Keaton-esque way.
His near silent performance steals every scene in a Chaplin / Keaton-esque way.
 Even if you don't like boxing, even if you're hoping for a ROCKY-esque film, you won't be disappointed in MILLION DOLLAR BABY.
 This is not the shoddy Ted Turner-esque colorization of the 1980s, and the advance of technology in the interim decades certainly shows in a positive way.
Is Sandler pushing the envelope as a woman? Sure, that is the point. Very Tootsie and Mrs. Doubtfire-esque.
Both of them still being ogres does nothing for the Hollywood-esque society.
It's beautifully dark in the same way that parts of "Dark Crystal" and "Legend" are, the story isn't meant to be Bergman-esque(it's on the simple side,but entertaining), and FOR ONCE the CGI used is NOT overly-noticeable,choppy,and distracting!
The troup of Fellini-esque characters are non-actors but you'd never know it.
With 8 1/2, he embraced a much more fanciful surrealistic style, later to be dubbed &quot;Fellini-esque&quot;.
Escher-esque animation a delight !
 This is far more aerobic-esque and dance-ish.
 The intensity of her acting and the singing here was never in doubt. With insertion of her harmonically Messiaen-esque aria, gone now is the essentially bland harmonic transition from the close to all the 'Senza mamma' music to pellucid farewell to the sisters (in subdominant major in relation to tonic minor beforehand - to more than just theory majors very bland indeed).
I thought the picture quality was great despite some criticism here.<br /><br />The 1st disc has the traditional, Kafka-esque, post-modern genius that makes this one of the best sci-fi film ever.
The film offers the viewer a retro-esque future that mixes the past of the 40's, 50's, 60's and early 70's in one movie but in a brilliant kind of surreal and weird way that it's just scrumbcous like Ridley Scott's "Blade Runner" or Fritz Lang's "Metropolis".
 In lots of ways, the basic plot is pretty Giallo-esque.
the protagonists are regular people, every character matters, the killer's motivation is very giallo-esque (can't be completely specific w/o giving too much away) most everything proves to be connected, and the mandatory twist ending is more of a ludicrous sick joke than a grand revelation.
the really deranged puppet the killer has popping up at crucial moments, and the Samurai-esque costume he wears when on the attack.
 In lots of ways, the basic plot is pretty Giallo-esque.
the protagonists are regular people, every character matters, the killer's motivation is very giallo-esque (can't be completely specific w/o giving too much away) most everything proves to be connected, and the mandatory twist ending is more of a ludicrous sick joke than a grand revelation.
the really deranged puppet the killer has popping up at crucial moments, and the Samurai-esque costume he wears when on the attack.
There's some great, ummm, brainless slapstick, but there's also many Seinfeld-esque setups hatched throughout, always coming full-circle & paying big dividends.
And she's right. Shaun doesn't seem to notice the zombie-esque lifestyle he leads, the terrible routine of drinking at `The Winchester' pub (named after the rifle that gleams over the bar), the protecting of Ed's horrific behavior (ripping farts and calling women the "C" word while never maintaining a job of any kind), and, of course, his forgetfulness that she, Liz, is actually a part of his life.
 The film is quite funny with some Python-esque moments, but is also able to screetch to a halt to deliver a few scenes that might actually get you a little misty eyed(!
 This is just a cleverly written, simply wonderful Agatha Christie-esque thriller with the added bonus of a very 70s kitsch factor - do not let yourself miss "The Last of Sheila"!
Most of these scenes show Johnny's brother Danny (Michael Rosenbaum) and his friends engaging in silly, Diner-esque witty (and not so witty) repartee.
 Yes, it's a romantic comedy, but it's Hemingway-esque sad, with 90% of the emotion weeping beneath the surface.
 xXx uses a plethora of James Bond-esque type gadgets and excellorates them using X-Treme sports.
 My favorite happens to be Thandie Newton's portrayal of Condi Rice as a subservient, wrist-wringing, Eegore-esque minion that offered up affirmation to her master's ideas by repeating only the last word of his sentences.
As for the human cast, Brendan Fraser, here a hapless stunt man whose dad just happens to be a 007-esque spy star both in character and for real (played broadly, if briefly, by ex-Bond Timothy Dalton), is a little bland, and the normally witty Jenna Elfman is mostly eye candy as the studio exec.
The suspense was incredible, the camera work was great (with several Hitchcock-esque shots added in the mix), the plot was nicely twisted.
 That neither Bridges nor Robbins are Superstar Icons with Tom Cruise-like looks or Schwarzenegger-esque muscles makes the film all the more believable.
This is a very cool Nightmare On Elm Street-esque horror flick that does everything right.
 This is very "Omen-esque", in the writing, style, theology (or theological errors, for those of us who study theology), and pacing.
Natalie Portman sports one of the best, most adorable Pageboy Bobs in the universe. Her amazing "young Uma Thurman-esque" face and voice and acting are amplified 100-fold by the hairstyle that she so unfortnuatly had for only this one movie.
He also has an intentional cameo later on in the movie. His brief performance isn't exactly Hitchcockian or Tarantino-esque, but I think he makes out okay.
I especially loved the ending, it was original.<p>There is a Tenchi-esque feel to this series, so if you like Tenchi, you'll love this.
 The Kafka-esque storyline is meant to be so outrageous as to be funny and if taken in that spirit many of the scenes are very entertaining indeed.
 Mixing horror with Kevin Smith-esque dialogue, Justin manages to blend the two together beautifully.
Well, maybe not Sonar--his ability to hear is Radar-esque, but his humanity is refreshing.
And it wouldn't be a Star Wars-esque movie if it didn't have its comic relief, this time it comes in the guise of hapless wizard, Ergo.
Cross a boilerplate international secret-agent yarn with a whodunnit, or rather a whoisit, mix in some Rocky-esque training sequences and top it off with a documentary on the wierd because-it's-there mountain-climbing culture, and you have "The Eiger Sanction.
But for those wanting to experience something a little different- a Hollywood-esque attempt at a history lesson with some tango, pop, and theatre thrown in, EVITA may be the movie for you.
 Almost every joke, gag and laughable moment is mostly original with a Family Guy-esque feel.
 In a major Hollywood movie?  <p>To take a Michael Moore-esque view on one final note, we see common thugs and low-lives with automatic weapons wounding and killing innocents, and never even question how such dangerous weapons got into their hands, but somehow this is justified  when a bunch of guys in black kill them off one by one.
Reminds me of this scene from Annie Hall:<br /><br />Pam: Sex with you is really a Kafka-esque experience.
 I really enjoyed them and am very glad to have them in my collection.  "First Men in the Moon" is almost Disney-esque in it's quality.
 T.K. Carter and a list of other cameo-esque bit parts bring it home.
David Arquette is as funny as ever as the bumbling Barney Fife-esque town sheriff.
There is an Indiana Jones-esque treasure hunting feel mixed with a slick, sci-fi universe and engaging character interaction.
 Maria has this look in her eyes as she talks directly to the camera, to the audience.  Almost like a touch of Godard-esque filmmaking but in this case, the efficacy of the scene felt quite eery, angry.
Okay, so the Epcot-esque finale is more fromage than homage, and is remniscent of the touchy-feely, ending of THE ABYSS.
This is a gorgeous fantasy epic with a hefty dose of Monty Python-esque comedy thrown in for good measure.
 The cast is pretty close to all star including Robin Williams, Uma Thurman as a Botticelli-esque Venus, John Neville and even Terry Gilliam himself.
 This film was a great adaptation of the graphic novel, New Frontier.  The characters are all drawn in a Kirby-esque style.
this movie is only good if ur looking for an old fashion slasher. its abit scream-esque but not as scary.
 This film was a great adaptation of the graphic novel, New Frontier.  The characters are all drawn in a Kirby-esque style.
After megadoses of Terminator-esque computerized special effects, I love a good low budget flick where the film makers make the most with what they have.
 The apes inhabit a Flintstone-esque city and are divided into three different castes, the Orangutangs, who are the politicans and keepers of the faith, and seemingly the caste in absolute control, the Gorillas, whoa re the workers and the soldiers, and who seem to occupy the lowest position, and the Chimpanzees, who are the scientists and intellectuals.
No, this isn't standard Hollywood-esque fare; No, this isn't a penetrating psycho-analysis of one man's life or of an extreme sport; No, this isn't even great film-making.
Why would he cut an important keystone of the book's plot? Yet he decides to replace that with Cuban Missile Crisis-esque conflict down on Earth, which feels incredibly irrelevant in present year of 2004.
Sound levels are inconsistant throughout- a ballet lesson by the Nazi-esque Miss Tanner is very loud, but the famous double murder at the beginning of the film is subdued to the point of losing much of it's impact!
 It's also got some great, Leone-esque staging and camera work, as it drags the scene out as long as dramatically possible, alternating between extreme long-shots and extreme close-ups.
Claudio Simonetti recorded some decent music for this one: some heavy instrumental synth-rock and some pretty, opera-esque music with a slightly creepy edge.
Even during combat, Gundam 0080 still feels relaxing. Very story-book-esque storyline.
Even during combat, Gundam 0080 still feels relaxing. Very story-book-esque storyline.
As for Pierce Brosnan, well this is #3 for him so he's still as suave and Bond-esque with the action hero coming into play whenever he needs to.
Connery-esque!
or super-hero-esque.
 Opportunity presents itself in the person of Briney-esque Cora Corman (Haley Bennett, delightfully loopy), who wants a new song using a line provided by her favorite guru.
 He soon abondons his Kafka-esque existence and stops going to work, dumps his nagging b**tch of a girlfriend, and gets the courage to ask out a disgruntled waitress (Aniston).
Another tantilizing lesbian-esque victorian sizzling story with a great plot, outstanding performances, and superb BBC production values.
It is also great to see Deborah Harry reprise her Intimate Stranger-esque phone sex role too.
As Reggie, Shavar Ross also adds a welcome spot of cultural diversity to the cast, although his character's Prince-esque brother Demon (Miguel A.
 Why would a Tipper Gore-esque character named Mary Spinkle blame a company for something the rapper is responsible for instead of the rapper himself?
Most interesting is the well-crafted Everywhere Man. Also showing up this season are the very Red Skull-esque Black Mask, corny Killer Moth and Rumor who was clearly inspired by the Predator.
<p>It's brilliant.<p>Gyllenhaal plays Jimmy Livingston, the three sttoges-esque flip side of John Travolta's Tod Lubtich (the main character of smarmy 1976 made-for-TV movie The Boy in the Plastic Bubble).
 Changing the style to match the elements and regions is an imaginative idea.<br /><br />The martial arts-esque moves that they do to control the elements are just plain cool!
 Blake Carrington, who can never decide whether he's the benevolent patriarch or a J.R. Ewing-esque plotter, gets caught by surprise too often to be believable.
office; and Kirby (Kathleen Beller), Joseph's lovely daughter, makes her "Sabrina"-esque entrance after returning from a long stay in Europe--and quicky sets about landing Jeff!
 Probably the most appropriate scene using bad language was between Vivi and Teensie during a "chicken-esque" car scene.
And 3.) Bob - a guy who always wears Reservoir Dog-esque suits; Bob seems frequently annoyed by Dignan's antics but puts up with him because he is kind of lonely.
As he struggles against giving the order for a My Lai-esque massacre of an unarmed Turkish convoy, Lawrence's face [animated by the incomparable acting of Peter O'Toole] all but says: "Now could I drink hot blood!
 xXx uses a plethora of James Bond-esque type gadgets and excellorates them using X-Treme sports.
 It doesn't matter much these days what the topic surrounds, as long as there are long picture-esque images of Americana (or some other country), coupled with a tender moment, a blasting score, and sympathy towards anything - than the epic will reign supreme.
 The same can be said for the cardboard-esque representation that we witnessed from Maud Adams.
There are several truly spectacular numbers - the Busby Berkeley-esque showstopper in the bank early on while Martin is trying to borrow money; the dance in the rain to the title song by The Accordionist (Vernel Bagneris) (reminiscent of Gene Kelly in Singin' in the Rain) and Christopher Walken's dynamic number in the tavern (which reminded me of some of Sammy Davis Jr's work) are all worthy of their antecendents.
 <p>Danny Devito plays what may well have been his last truly funny role, made all the more hilarious because his Brando-esque character takes himself almost as seriously as DeVito takes himself these days.
 This film explores whatever happened to hot James Dean-esque rock `n' roller, Eddie Wilson, after he mysteriously vanished in 1964.
 Speaking of make-up, why no one else recognizes Eddie (upon shaving off his Robert Goulet-esque moustache) before the climactic confrontations with Sal Amato and then Lou Eisen is simply a gross lapse in basic logic.
) against these creatures of God who supposedly had lead a wonderful 'Valhalla'-esque existence on the earth until the ugly old white man arrived .
The sexual humor is abundant, or even extreme at some times, but it's all in good fun.<br /><br />Don't miss the Python-esque battle sequences in the climax.
Don't fret, though. It actually leads us into a "Pulp Fiction"-esque plot.
Also noteworthy for its sprawl and ensemble work, both of which are Altman-esque.
This was very Altman-esque, with lots of activity and talk at once making the subtitles difficult to follow.
He also has an intentional cameo later on in the movie. His brief performance isn't exactly Hitchcockian or Tarantino-esque, but I think he makes out okay.
The film DAVE could be called "Capra-esque" to a point with its optimism and feel good ending.
Kevin Kline's performance brings to mind a Jimmy Stewart-type performance (hence the reference to Capra-esque and "Mr Smith.
I cried buckets at the end. All in all, I think the filmmakers did a good job. There were some painfully Disney-esque moments, but for the most part, the filmmakers practiced reasonable restraint and avoided the gagging-smarm-factor.
 In what seems like a Kaufman-esque joke on his audience Carrey reverts back to his Ace Ventura form as a split personality, so misrepresented, so misdiagnosed that I wonder if the writers bothered to pick up a medical book in researching this.
It's not bad, it's just okay.<br />Military intrigue, secret missions, mind-controlling, psychic hippy-esque<br />zen jedi super-warriors who can drop goats, burst apart clouds, pass through walls,<br />travel the world (telepathically) while lying in their beds or on the sofa,<br />and can even stun lowly hamsters in a single prolonged gaze!
 The actress who plays the hooker has the porno-esque name of Boti Bliss, yet this nobody is too good to take off her top in a movie?
 Her mother, Christine, in all her Donna Reed-esque perfection  feels something is amiss and explores her own psyche to find the answers to her uneasy feelings.
With a witty Marty Stouffer-&quot;Wild America&quot;-esque-meets-Disney's-Goofy narration by David Hyde Pierce (Niles from &quot;Frasier&quot;), this film is a quite funny and creative take on the Modern dating (sex) scene-from an Alien's persepective.
 His Fellini-esque Fabrizio (in &quot;Why do some women  have trouble achieving orgasm?
 Instead of the majestic and ambitious 2001-esque Star Trek: The Motion Picture, with it's so Roddenberry-esque tale of different life forms communicating, understanding and actually combining, we have big spaceships firing laser weapons at each other and plenty of boring running, jumping and falling down - if TMP had the ambition to take Kubrick as it's model, WOK settled for the considerably inferior Lucas.
 Look at the SPACE MARINE board and video games, and read past HEAVY METAL  issues and look for &quot;Alien-esque&quot; storylines ( where a bunch of  people are out destroying aliens &amp; bugs with cool weaponry ).
Director James Cameron takes us more into an action oriented Alien movie then the horror-esque type of the first film, and it's done extremely well, engrossing you (for the most part) from the first scene, to the very last.
Even during combat, Gundam 0080 still feels relaxing. Very story-book-esque storyline.
 Its warps in and out of being a B-movie homage and a eye-narrowing conspiracy-esque trader in ideas of other dimensions.
Why do they in the newer versions make Fred dumber (he was the SMARTEST in the original) and Daphne more Buffy-esque?
The message of "just be yourself and magical things will happen" seems rather childish and Disney-esque.
 Combine that with Diablo Cody's Juno-esque dialogue and surprisingly good turns by Fox and Seyfried, and Jennifer's Body ends up being surprisingly enjoyable.
Combine that with Diablo Cody's Juno-esque dialogue and surprisingly good turns by Fox and Seyfried, and Jennifer's Body ends up being surprisingly enjoyable.
add to this fledgling CGI, from Industrial Light &amp; Magic; some Disney-esque lightness, (and some Disney-esque darkness), in a well-balanced way, and most of all, characters who secure your emotional interest until the final credit has rolled.
 This is not the shoddy Ted Turner-esque colorization of the 1980s, and the advance of technology in the interim decades certainly shows in a positive way.
that his wife hadn't even passed away from cancer but had been murdered in some sort of bizarre, cult-esque way.
 The production values are first rate, and Schama's control of the project kept it from seeming &quot;Burns-esque.
 They are a sort of reverse Abbott and Costello.  The two must save Good Burger from Mondo Burger, a Dave and Busters-esque new restaurant across the street and its successful but cruel manager Kurt, who always refers to himself in the third person.
Infighting within the band, a mysterious Yoko Ono-esque character, and the band's inability to make it from the dressing room to the stage without getting lost don't help the cause, either.
They lost the meaning and it proved to be a typical Twilight Zone-esque horror movie without much intellectual content.
 The Irma-esque caricature is utterly unfunny and, repeatedly identifying herself as nearly jail-bait age, her romance with the much older O'Brien is as irrational as it is disturbing.
 It is often overlooked and is a World War II-esque spin on the classic.
 In its place are a few ill-matched diary-esque insights amidst a series of odd (a Thai prison, are you kidding me?
 The first half of the movie, in which our hero is in a Grand Theft Auto-esque virtual world, looks wonderful.
 I even enjoyed the Kyle MacLachlan-esque style of Andras Jones - then there was Ted Raimi, whom didn't almost fit within this film, but still made it fun to see him sweat.
If not for the PG-13 rating, G.I. Joe-esque "laser bullets," and occasional moments of cheese and campiness, I'd probably be so bold as to consider this "quintessential" for action junkies.
 Stratham demonstrates his kick-boxing talents and makes mush out of anyone who crosses him.  But it's the suave, Bond-esque manner in which his character conducts his "business" that makes this a really cool flick.
Infighting within the band, a mysterious Yoko Ono-esque character, and the band's inability to make it from the dressing room to the stage without getting lost don't help the cause, either.
 The anime-esque animation is stunning and hillarious.
Blending period drama, Shogun Assassin-style ultra-violence, comedy and Stomp-esque musical interludes, Takeshi Kitano's "Zatoichi" is probably the most audacious film to have come out of Japan so far this decade.
 And the mystical light at the heart of the island?  I can't think of anything more contrived and Disney-esque.
An aggressive fridge with a mind of its own sounds Monty Python-esque when you first hear about it, but trust me, you won't be laughing by the end of the movie.
An aggressive fridge with a mind of its own sounds Monty Python-esque when you first hear about it, but trust me, you won't be laughing by the end of the movie.
An aggressive fridge with a mind of its own sounds Monty Python-esque when you first hear about it, but trust me, you won't be laughing by the end of the movie.
An aggressive fridge with a mind of its own sounds Monty Python-esque when you first hear about it, but trust me, you won't be laughing by the end of the movie.
The one-on-one finale is a gritty Steven Seagal-esque encounter, with no question whatsoever whether or not Dolph is going to win.
 What follows is a DaVinci Code-esque whirlwind of clues and revelations as the trio go from spot to spot finding the next clues.
 The creators of this new Battlestar series are crafting Sartre-esque literature.
&quot;Evil Dead&quot; is indeed without question, the BEST zombie-esque movie since &quot;Night Of The Living Dead&quot;, and is a non-stop thrill ride at every turn!
I rented this movie fully expecting an hour and a half long crapfest, full of lo-grade troma/full moon-esque special effects, subpar acting and dumb storylines.
 The apes inhabit a Flintstone-esque city and are divided into three different castes, the Orangutangs, who are the politicans and keepers of the faith, and seemingly the caste in absolute control, the Gorillas, whoa re the workers and the soldiers, and who seem to occupy the lowest position, and the Chimpanzees, who are the scientists and intellectuals.
Herman Rosse famous for his set designs created the other-worldly-esque, gothic watchtower laboratory.
They stated that the film "arrives with confidence and bravado intact. ... and arguably the most Tolkien-esque of the Narnia books".
In fact, Hopper portrays the ruthless Fiddler's Green executive with a certain Rumsfeld-esque and Cheney-esque approach.
Sometimes this film looks very Disney-esque or something out of a 60's "Wild Kingdom" episode and the narrative style complete with accompanying music will look and sound very hokey to many.
 They must rise to the supreme challenge after the reigning superhero, a corporate-sponsored, Ken Doll-esque Greg Kinnear, gets vaporized by one of the good guys.
There's some great, ummm, brainless slapstick, but there's also many Seinfeld-esque setups hatched throughout, always coming full-circle & paying big dividends.
And she's right. Shaun doesn't seem to notice the zombie-esque lifestyle he leads, the terrible routine of drinking at `The Winchester' pub (named after the rifle that gleams over the bar), the protecting of Ed's horrific behavior (ripping farts and calling women the "C" word while never maintaining a job of any kind), and, of course, his forgetfulness that she, Liz, is actually a part of his life.
 The film is quite funny with some Python-esque moments, but is also able to screetch to a halt to deliver a few scenes that might actually get you a little misty eyed(!
<p>This movie was excellent. A wonderful feel to it; very &quot;Mission: Impossible-esque.
Either way, you'll either be severely depressed or immensely amused by what transpires, from the Lifetime-esque opening credits to the painfully bad showdown in the end.
 ///// Dana: Hello, Peter. Peter Venkman: [whips around Melodramatically, and speaks in a soap opera-esque deep tone] Hello, Dana.
For one in this 2008 reboot there are no split screens, no jello-like Hulk, and no weird Bed-nobs and Broomsticks-esque multi-hued screen flashes (when I say flashes I mean the screen doesn't cheaply changed color while silhouetting the actor with a stunned expression on his face.
This move wasn't even all that funny.  Felt like it was intended to be made with regular people, perhaps reality show-esque.
 At least we have this sordid little flick as a kind of document of that long lost Mappelthorpe-esque era.
 In the games, Liu Kang was always one of my least favorite characters, due to his overblown Bruce Lee-esque imitation, but this film removes that, preventing him from being annoying.
Oh, and make Hef  a James Bond-esque spy.
showing him scruffy with facial hair most of the film, overweight with a paunch belly, and jovial homo-esque eroticisms with the Woody Harrelson (Stan Lloyd) character.
 Burton's first big budget feature effort had been Pee Wee's Big Adventure (1985), a zany Caligari-esque journey in craoyla colors.
 Burton's first big budget feature effort had been Pee Wee's Big Adventure (1985), a zany Caligari-esque journey in craoyla colors.
 Those familiar with the Method series will see a lot of similarities to the Pilates-esque floorwork and the ballet-ish barre work.
 xXx uses a plethora of James Bond-esque type gadgets and excellorates them using X-Treme sports.
 More lighthearted and Back to the Future-esque, but almost as enjoyable.
 GITS has spawned a Blade Runner-esque <a href="http://www.
 The excellent battle scenes and cool philip dick-esque plot make this purchase a must for those wanting any anime.
if you like the godfather, casino, godfellas, or any "gangster-esque" movies you'll really enjoy this series.
 In what seems like a Kaufman-esque joke on his audience Carrey reverts back to his Ace Ventura form as a split personality, so misrepresented, so misdiagnosed that I wonder if the writers bothered to pick up a medical book in researching this.
 In what seems like a Kaufman-esque joke on his audience Carrey reverts back to his Ace Ventura form as a split personality, so misrepresented, so misdiagnosed that I wonder if the writers bothered to pick up a medical book in researching this.
 You're not going to see some amazing James Cameron-esque special effects and lighting here.
They hold battle of the sexes crossword puzzle contests!)  The football game had a Kennedy-esque quality to it, and the family aerobics scene felt especially contrived.
It's true. A talking alien plant set to take over the world, a hero out of a zero, three Ronettes-esque ladies with fantastic voices, a sadistic dentist - this movie is awesome.
. . <p>. . . and so it is with `Memento', a pastiche of Jim<br />Thompson-esque crime cliches complicated, but not<br />deepened, by a fairly original cinematic device.
It's a very Alfred Hitchcock-esque movie that offers excellent performances and a very horrific torture scene that is guaranteed not for the faint of heart, anyone who enjoys thrillers and shockers i recommend this movie.
Manhattan who is a glowing blue alien-like being with god-esque powers, Silk Spectre who is a sexy crime-fighting babe, and  the mysterious yet very smart NightOwl are trying to solve the case of Comedian's death and also try to find out who is behind the murder and a government conspiracy that could lead to World War III.
to be fair, they were plagued by waterworld-esque weather and location problems, and at $200 million, you really just need to get the picture finished, because hey, no one's really happy that it cost that much in the first place.
 Curmudgeons may say that it's nothing more than a Scream-esque parody of horror movie chestnuts, but the approach is really quite different.
Without question, Cabin Fever is the best modern horror flick of our time. Unlike the usual predictable teen MTV-esque films, it delivers a lot more scares and surprises at every turn, and DOES NOT just rely on the blood and gore.
Ted Turner-esque.
Personally, that's my favourite part of the film; an almost storybook-esque sequence and still so breathtakingly fluid and full of life, living Po's dream of his possible life as a warrior.
 Curmudgeons may say that it's nothing more than a Scream-esque parody of horror movie chestnuts, but the approach is really quite different.
Without question, Cabin Fever is the best modern horror flick of our time. Unlike the usual predictable teen MTV-esque films, it delivers a lot more scares and surprises at every turn, and DOES NOT just rely on the blood and gore.
When an important executive of the NASA-esque company where Hawke works is murdered, he becomes the prime suspect when an eyelash of his is identifed during the police investigation.
Granted, Gattaca certainly tries to be all things to all people - it sells itself variously as a Philip K. Dick-esque sci-fi, as a Tense Political Thriller, an Edgy Romance, even as a Rumination on Filial Love and Obligation - but in my book it fails badly on every count.
In fact, these deaths mixed gasp-inducing red herrings, "oh my God" shocking moments, and comedic 80's-esque execution with excellent CGI effects.
 In fact, these deaths mixed gasp-inducing red herrings, "oh my God" shocking moments, and comedic 80's-esque execution with excellent CGI effects.
Personally, I'm REAALY tired and VERY annoyec by the increasingly improbable Rube Goldberg-esque moronic new and improved ways to die.
 The plot is pretty good.  Great action, although it does get a little Transformers-esque over the top a few times.
Just in case anyone misses the point, there's a psuedo-Jan Hammer-esque rock insturmental playing during the scene where Kirk &amp; Co.
The premis was there. Very Akira-esque in its potential direction.
In the Italian horror films I've seen I'm typically treated to either a Goblin soundtrack, or a Goblin-esque soundtrack.
Lovecraft-esque  Italian supernatural horror thriller from Lucio Fulci is one of his greatest and coolest movies ever.
 This is not the shoddy Ted Turner-esque colorization of the 1980s, and the advance of technology in the interim decades certainly shows in a positive way.
if u like the scream-esque type of horror, beautiful cast, elaborate deaths, creepy moments and brutal killings this movie is for u would like to see this.
The original was more of a Hitchcock Psycho-esque thriller that inspired "Halloween" and many slasher movies for years to come, this one is more of a "Friday The 13th"-esque gorefeast of grueling scenes like cannibalism, eyeball mutilation that would make Fulci smile and more.
Gojira is a large lizard-esque monster with skin resembling that of a victim of the nuclear bomb.
Behind Dawn O'Keefe's house, two Simpsons-esque power plant stacks rise, gushing out feathered, cotton candy smoke.
if u like the scream-esque type of horror, beautiful cast, elaborate deaths, creepy moments and brutal killings this movie is for u would like to see this.
The original was more of a Hitchcock Psycho-esque thriller that inspired "Halloween" and many slasher movies for years to come, this one is more of a "Friday The 13th"-esque gorefeast of grueling scenes like cannibalism, eyeball mutilation that would make Fulci smile and more.
 Director Rick Rosenthal (who directed the latest Halloween: Resurrection) decided to go without most of the cat & mouse-esque Carpenter style suspense of the first film, opting instead to make the film much more graphic than the original.
"I love this dirty town," proclaims the Walter Winchell-esque Hunsecker, and you never once doubt him.
A very good fun romp, with sharp twists, almost Roald Dahl-esque justice and humour.
 You're not going to see some amazing James Cameron-esque special effects and lighting here.
And how sad is it that my favorite part and character from the movie was Aro? Probably because he's a proper Rice-esque vampire.
It is the beginning of the more internalised works by Cronenberg, though there are still some horror elements (the Giger-esque instruments for operating on mutant women and the dream sequence).
Rifftrax [...] announced that on 2/19/2007 they will release the "Mystery science theater 3000-esque" commentary track for this "classic".
 Look at the title and cover.  It is NOT meant to be a PBS-esque formal documentary of comparative religion.
 Even if you don't like boxing, even if you're hoping for a ROCKY-esque film, you won't be disappointed in MILLION DOLLAR BABY.
 Was it a Saw-esque police drama about a ruthless serial killer?
 There is no doubt that Edward Yang has a great eye and his films do exhibit an Antonioni-esque style when it comes to presentation.
 He has fantasies about being a rock star and, wouldn't you know it, grows up to be a Hitler-esque dictator.
 Even through the (once-again) EXTREMELY GI JOE-esque visuals, storytelling and soundtrack, this film uses powerful symbolism in the manner of Dali's "Le Sangre D'un Poete" and Orwell's "Animal Farm" to push us over the edge and into seeing what our (barely) free minds are up against.
 Bruce Willis is wonderful as the Rambo-esque superguy who outwits, outplays, and outlasts the heavily-armed killers, and reveals just enough of his tender side to endear his character to the audience.
David Lynch's take on Dune is nothing short of pretty darn good. It definitely gets weird (a.k.a. David Lynch-esque) in places, but overall the feel and tone of the movie are wonderful.
After much cajoling and bullying, Vadinho convinces Tony to take on our villain bent on World domination (again Dr. Evil-esque).
This one does get off to a good start and the Rod Sterling-esque premise is interesting.
Through all of this, Beowulf can't even wear the oft-lauded boar helmet from the poem, but opts for a Chuck Norris-esque headband instead.
Through all of this, Beowulf can't even wear the oft-lauded boar helmet from the poem, but opts for a Chuck Norris-esque headband instead.
 Through all of this, Beowulf can't even wear the oft-lauded boar helmet from the poem, but opts for a Chuck Norris-esque headband instead.
i can say various things about why i love this movie, but most importantly i think is the hitchcock-esque atmoshpere and the dark alien underworld alongside the innocent down to earth relationship between kyle's and laura's characters play a lot on how a person will view the film.
Generally entertaining, but a mixed bag. The script: at times hilarious, but then veers into obnoxious Coen-esque caricature.
If not for the PG-13 rating, G.I. Joe-esque "laser bullets," and occasional moments of cheese and campiness, I'd probably be so bold as to consider this "quintessential" for action junkies.
 Stratham demonstrates his kick-boxing talents and makes mush out of anyone who crosses him.  But it's the suave, Bond-esque manner in which his character conducts his "business" that makes this a really cool flick.
 The "typical" for VanDamme, this movie is very Bruce Lee-esque and highly entertaining!
 And for someone expecting to see a new Final Fantasy-esque storyline on the silver screen, my expectations were not met.
The plot starts out as a sort of film-noir David Lynch-esque style film meets cheesy zombie fare.
I can't place my finger on it, but I am not sure he is the right man to play the Skinner-esque role.
Getting back to the directionality, though, I really like the overall sound design and the comic book-esque effects they created.
But when Norman Mailer-esque novelist Tom Colt (David Janssen) threatens her father in a bar, January finds someone with whom to act out her father fixation.
The original score reeks of the usual TV-esque styled composition if not just better composed than most.
 It's not a soap opera/chick flick and it's nothing like the Twilight-esque shows we're being bombarded with lately (Vampire Diaries, True Blood, etc.
The actors are easy on the eyes and believable (particularly the low-key, girl-next-door-esque Lori Heuring).
You've got an all star cast and a John Hughes-esque direction that can't be beat.
England is well known for their Prog revival scene. This DVD is packaged wonderfully, with Pagan-esque cover art and the palm d'or leaves, it looked pretty classy.
Cross a boilerplate international secret-agent yarn with a whodunnit, or rather a whoisit, mix in some Rocky-esque training sequences and top it off with a documentary on the wierd because-it's-there mountain-climbing culture, and you have "The Eiger Sanction.
(He deserves the compliment of 'Kubrick-esque' for this work.
The city becomes something of an "Omega Man-esque" metroscape where everything is available for the taking but lurking in the darkness wait the afflicted ready to attack.
The message of "just be yourself and magical things will happen" seems rather childish and Disney-esque.
Now 19 years later the nightmares have resurfaced, but this time he awakens with a Freddy Krueger-esque slash mark on his hand that won't heal.
Another "Interpreter"-esque drama about the plight of Africa and the West's role in exacerbating it.
No, this isn't standard Hollywood-esque fare; No, this isn't a penetrating psycho-analysis of one man's life or of an extreme sport; No, this isn't even great film-making.
it's the first sequel since "Halloween II" to get "The Shape" right! Armed once again with a creepy William Shatner-esque mask (which is actually achieved through a combination of 5 different masks and some CGI effects), a lithe build and quick, methodical body movement, "The Shape" is looking and acting more like his old eerie/ghostly self than he has in years.
aboutt Schmidt is about the average joe, as average as you can get. After a lifetime of passionate Hollywood-esque characters under Nicholson's sleeve, some may say his performance is not engaging--- quite the contrary.
 Wonderfully bizarre and a &quot;must see&quot; for  anyone into Gibson-esque cyberpunk.
Just in case anyone misses the point, there's a psuedo-Jan Hammer-esque rock insturmental playing during the scene where Kirk &amp; Co.
That would be fans of the videogame and/or fans of surreal Clive Barker-esque horror.
Near the end of the movie, there's alot of blood and a certain Evil Dead-esque moment I don't think I can mention on Amazon, but the accentuating level of suspense in the amount of violence these creatures could inflict worked only to render the film somewhat visually unbalanced.
Beautiful, "Parent Trap-esque" Movie!
Peter O'Toole makes for an interesting Brando-esque character in this but doesn't make an impact in Supergirl's struggle until the end.
 His various Shamoo-esque leaps, poorly superimposed over the burning town are quite literally beyond belief the first time you view them.
 While it is emotional to watch the love story unfold, the eye-candy battle sequences, and the picture-esque view of Scotland, there seemed to be a lacking "meat" to this story.
if you are looking for a Dirty Harry-esque cool fest from eastwood, you will be dissappointed.
 The story does measure up and the cheesy special effects only add to the fun.  It's a Monty Python-esque view of space and travel  in general with great commentary on our society and its peculiarities.
 Opportunity presents itself in the person of Briney-esque Cora Corman (Haley Bennett, delightfully loopy), who wants a new song using a line provided by her favorite guru.
 At the beginning of the movie it feels like  another Star Trek - Battlestar Galactica-esque movie; you are in deep space  searching for a lost ship and then when you find it there are no life  signs.
 It doesn't matter much these days what the topic surrounds, as long as there are long picture-esque images of Americana (or some other country), coupled with a tender moment, a blasting score, and sympathy towards anything - than the epic will reign supreme.
the New Testament.<p>While this has the classic Python-esque wry humor and satire, there's something a little more timid here.
a stately mansion/castle w/ intensely loyal servants and a cavalcade of one-of-a-kind gizmos and James-Bond-esque weapons and gadgets, not to mention a garage full of Jaguars, Porsches and BMW's.
A shame and a Waste of Talent pushing this "Left Behind"-esque Protestant Propaganda,Denzel could do way better.
COOL! Denzel as a post-apocalyptic wasteland Zatoichi-esque wanderer and Gary Oldman as his nemesis.
At age 30, the uncompromising Bette Davis won her second Best Actress Oscar for her portrait as an 1852-esque Southern femme fatale set against the backdrop of antebellum New Orleans in the midst of a yellow fever outbreak.
Well, it depends what you want.  If that is another cute fantasy film with Disney-esque animals and wise-cracking, snogging, contemporary teenagers ("Sorted!
Igby Goes Down is a miserable, Catcher in the Rye-esque piece of crap.
By the end of the day...so much 80's-esque zany comedic situation has occurred you won't believe it.
 <p>It's a great ride, too, with very Matrix-esque action sequences that pull you along at great speed, catapulting you into this "underground" world.
Do not be led astray by the excellently edited theatrical preview for this film, it is neither a successful Matrix-esque actioner nor a star-crossed romance pic.
That said, I still enjoyed the R&J-esque story, and how it combined the already connected lores.
After my second viewing of this film I figured I'd get around to writing a review. In an our-world noir-esque film, vampires and werewolves are in an age old war to defeat one or the another.
So far so good--you weren't expecting Bergman-esque psychological depth, were you?
 Whoa!  Then there's some Matrix-esque stuff that doesn't resemble the Matrix.
 The great disguises that were created for Val Kilmer's character and his techno gagetry add to the films "bond-esque" feel, while the romance with Elizabeth Shue's character is both engaging and central to the story, rather than an "eye candy" afterthought.
 At the beginning of the movie it feels like  another Star Trek - Battlestar Galactica-esque movie; you are in deep space  searching for a lost ship and then when you find it there are no life  signs.
 When I use the word "glamorize", I do not mean it as this film is a glossy, picture-esque view of the south, but instead I use it as a term to describe Phil Morrison direction.
 Does Morrison not believe us?<br /><br />As I disappointingly watched Junebug's southern-esque story of family and culture unfold in front of my eyes, I couldn't help but wonder why Amy Adams was being handed so much praise for her work.
 Even though you hate the film itself, for being too Disney-esque.
Beautiful, "Parent Trap-esque" Movie!
The Bottom Line:<br /><br />The special effects are nifty and I guess the Chinatown-esque plot is kinda fun, but the gimmick ran stale for me after the first half hour and I wanted a bit more to fall back on than Hoskins' growling and Christopher Lloyd's scenery chewing; I can see why everyone else loves it, but I was not especially enthused.
Disney's quality of films have been diminishing greatly, ever since they lost there &quot;Musical-esque&quot; style after THe Hunchback of Notredame.
No one in the movie truly seems comfortable with the dialogue. It's 40s-esque dialogue and you got people who have been in movies like Erin Brockovich, Lost in Translation, and Dumb & Dumber reciting it.
It's all there, like a paint-by-numbers mockery: monotone Chandler-esque voiceover, check; black-clad femme fatale, check; pouting blonde, corrupt cops, sprawling plot and little resolution, all checked.
Unlike the so-so comic book-esque TOMBSTONE, WYATT EARP tells the real story and takes its time doing so.
 This duo evidently wanted to capture a somber Louis L'Amour-esque look on-screen (the costuming is a dead giveaway), as their tragic interpretation of Earp's life story often resembles an Old West version of "The Godfather," replacing mobsters with frontier cops.
 Returning to Missouri to study law under his grandfather (Giorgio E. Tripoli), a judge, he revives a Dante-esque romance with Urilla Sutherland (Annabeth Gish), marries her, loses her to typhoid within a year, and goes on a nine-month drunk that ends when he steals a horse and is bailed out by his father.
Die hard alien enthusiast impaled themselves on Giger-esque protrusions the second this movie came out.
It's a role that was made for him. This movie has some cheesy scenes that are quite 1980s-esque, but you'll probably enjoy them.
 Malkovich tailors his demeanor and accent to fit the audience to whom he is playing, running the gamut from Capote-esque fey for his gay "clients" (Conway is himself gay) to regular-guy macho for his straight targets.
 Although not a highly original or edgy film, it does goes well beyond the barriers of a typical Disney-esque movie.
 Halfway through, the character drama deteriorates into a wrestling movie, complete with a ridiculous Rocky-esque final championship match!
 Instead of a powerful story being the central focus of the film, we were bombarded, nearly drowned, in model-esque images of the people of NYC and how only the very beautiful are attracted to the very beautiful.
 Instead of a powerful story being the central focus of the film, we were bombarded, nearly drowned, in model-esque images of the people of NYC and how only the very beautiful are attracted to the very beautiful.
 Some viewers may find them a little Playboy-bunny-esque and not interesting.
 Instead of a powerful story being the central focus of the film, we were bombarded, nearly drowned, in model-esque images of the people of NYC and how only the very beautiful are attracted to the very beautiful.
the voice of the prosecutor is done by John Vernon, the actor who portrayed Dean Wormer in Animal House), the EC-esque B-17 (aka Gremlins, which went through so many script revisions, it's a miracle it got finished at all), the bizarrely hilarious So Beautiful And So Dangerous (ok, maybe there's some truth to the juvenilia charges during this segment, but only a corpse could keep from laughing at this piece), and revenge scenario of Taarna (imagine a tougher, sexier version of Xena, only about a decade and a half earlier).
 Sounds like it might get old? It does.  However, once you get over the fact that the plot material is "Oedipus-esque," shall we say, it's easy to get involved with the story and recognize that it is very intriguing.
 Sounds like it might get old? It does.  However, once you get over the fact that the plot material is "Oedipus-esque," shall we say, it's easy to get involved with the story and recognize that it is very intriguing.
They outwit the zombie-esque populous at every turn in subtle and not so subtle ways.
Brief synopsis: This latest product of Trey Parker and Matt Stone's twisted imaginations involves Thunderbirds-esque puppetry; the current state of global affairs summarized in lots and lots of collateral damage courtesy of the titular team ("f--k yeah!
Production designer Jim Dultz had to recreate a believable Bruckheimer-esque world.
The annoying Disney-esque familiar to our villain, Rasputan, is an obnoxious little white bat (which channels Iago from Aladdin) who inexplicably moves from being a sinister and vindictive side-kick to an unwilling and disinterested participant to his master's evil scheme.
He also has an intentional cameo later on in the movie. His brief performance isn't exactly Hitchcockian or Tarantino-esque, but I think he makes out okay.
 All are brilliant in their own way, juggling plot strands in a Seinfeld-esque manner, but with non-linear plot structures more akin to the shamefully neglected classic Andy Richter Controls the Universe.
It's very much a monty python-esque type of humor and I recommend this DVD very highly.
 Every member of the cast has his or her moments, and each character adds something to the Seinfeld-esque interwoven plots.
Top of the line for 2003 but now looking so sorely outdated. Of course, MI-5 keeps turning up Bond-esque gadgets.
&quot;Evil Dead&quot; is indeed without question, the BEST zombie-esque movie since &quot;Night Of The Living Dead&quot;, and is a non-stop thrill ride at every turn!
Some seem to find this grating, but I'm a major fan of this technique. Slow motion lends a battle that classic Peckinpah-esque gritty brutality, and it's used to spectacular effect in "Watchmen".
Manhattan (Billy Crudup) who is a god-like Superman-esque blue skinned being with unique powers, sexy Silk Spectre (Malin Akerman) and very smart and brilliant crimefighter NightOwl (Patrick Wilson) all join together to try to solve the mystery of the Comedian's death.
Manhattan is the god-like power; Rorschach is the Batman-esque thirst to avenge crime; Night Owl II is a bored rich kid; Silk Spectre II is obliged, etc.
The few moments that were supposed to be funny, weren't. A Jerry Springer-esque talk show moment made it that much worse.
Manhattan (Billy Crudup) who is a Superman-esque immortal god of powers, blank masked avenger Roschach (Jackie Earl Haley), sexy buttkicker Silk Spectre (Malin Akerman) and intelligent Batman-esque Nightowl (Patrick Wilson) are together trying to untangle the mystery of who killed Comedian.
<p>Pacino gives a tour de force performance, delivering his lines with typical Pacino-esque vigor.
No excessive cursing or underlying sexual innuendos. Just silly, predictable, goofy Adam Sandler-esque humor.
I love Lily Tomlin's Disney-esque dream sequence, the one that causes the most problems.
It's also a bit more movie-esque in the more bigger action scenes, making it a bit more dynamic.
She's in nearly every frame, and she's a marvel with the kind Garbo-esque screen presence: whether she's saying a wicked line or casting a wicked glance, you're falling for her.
Some of the scenes where they are driving down to Mexico are very Hunter S. Thompson-esque.
 Some of Woods and Belushi's banter is Jerry Seinfeld and Larry David-esque.
 In 2004, Rob Thomas' Chandler-esque take on high school hit UPN (and later the CW) as "<a href="http://www.
 It's a surreal and haunting work of art:  the lighting, the faces, the music, editing, the Hammett-esque dialog.
 It doesn't matter much these days what the topic surrounds, as long as there are long picture-esque images of Americana (or some other country), coupled with a tender moment, a blasting score, and sympathy towards anything - than the epic will reign supreme.
This particular movie is not Harry Potter. It is Harry Potter-esque.
Harry is a suitably stroppy teenager, in fact really stroppy, and the whole plot seems to be fairly "woe is me"-esque.
) against these creatures of God who supposedly had lead a wonderful 'Valhalla'-esque existence on the earth until the ugly old white man arrived .
 It also is a pretty funny movie starring Billy Dee Williams as a Satchel Paige-esque pitcher who's supremely self-confident, so much so that he throws his world famous "Invite Pitch" to hitters without players manning the field.
 You knew he was physically powerful, but in this movie Dennehy achieves  Brando-esque emotional power.
 The only other thing I disliked was the horrible George Michael-esque song that was repeated at least four times during the movie.
 Pino Donaggio's Herrmann-esque music underscores the film's dramatic tension, while many Hitchcockian elements and references surface.
the water, the clothes, the interiors, the bodies. Some scenes are breathtakingly erotic, again with a Bergman-esque feel.
I didn't even mind the &quot;Fantasia&quot; ending, Dr. Reinhardt and Maximillian togther in a &quot;Dante-esque&quot; hell.
 It also is a pretty funny movie starring Billy Dee Williams as a Satchel Paige-esque pitcher who's supremely self-confident, so much so that he throws his world famous "Invite Pitch" to hitters without players manning the field.
Each of them represents a philosophy. Vernita Green is the repentant killer; O-Ren is the megalomaniacal, Caligula-esque nihilist; Budd is a fatalistic, quiet nihilist; Elle is ambitious, cruel and spiteful.
Fun and Tarantino-esque, but wait for the special ed.
This movie, and others are set in a romantic European-esque period about the turn of the last century.
 But if you can handle that, and would like to see a mad scientist-esque character piecing together a new body out of hookers for his recently deceased fiance then this movie is well worth watching!
Everything about the film, from its graffiti-esque box font to its DJ Shadow soundtrack to Singer's horrendous diction, for which subtitles should have been used a good portion of the time, leads me to this conclusion.
His mom wants him to stay in the family pizza business. But he meets a bum who's willing to train him. It's very Rocky-esque in a way, but the ending is quite different and thought-provoking.
As fate would have it, a handsome Robin Hood-esque young man named Flynn Rider is attempting to escape the guards at the Royal Palace, and naturally happens upon Rapunzel's tower while Gothel is gone.
They just need to ramp up the creative juices and come up with the next "Little Mermaid"-esque hit.
 This would be Soprano-esque had HBO picked it up to develop.
After megadoses of Terminator-esque computerized special effects, I love a good low budget flick where the film makers make the most with what they have.
 It was even better the second viewing, where one can sink into performances such as Jeremy Renner's Cagney-esque bravado, and the subtle nuances of Affleck's self-direction as Doug McCray.
 The rest of the movie is much more conventional, but it is here that Gibson could have created a Fellini-esque cinematic experience, one equivalent and analagous to the Satyricon.
 However, although they do the best they can, there is no saving this banal, movie of the week-esque movie.
Unfortunetly, I just couldn't get into those volumes all that much. The artwork was interesting, the writing is Whedon-esque and all but the story just didn't hit me.
I think it works better this way. It's less GG Allin-esque.
 After breaking down in front of a gas station, they all soon come to learn that there's a blood-thirsty, splinter-esque parasite on the loose that can take its victims over as hosts, and soon enough they're barricaded inside trying to hold it off.
Featuring a cast of awesome wushu practitioners, this is a gem in the Jet Li line-up. And the Tai Chi-esque performance done at the end makes this a fun lineup.
Perhaps it's the PG rating, but I feel that the dark side of Montana--seamy, smoke-filled, Lolo-esque, where lost souls lurk in the shadows of drunkenness and addiction--is never fully realized (case-in-point: Paul, as well as Jessie's brother).
Jimbob" in these pages) that this is a modern Kurosawa-esque film.
 They were under some tremdous pressure to do the film I understand.  When it comes to crude, John Waters-esque humor, I usually find it more amusing than I do funny.
It's more interesting than your average dumb-blonde-esque flick.
I know they were alluding to Ezekiel's UFO-esque "wheel" at the end, but I'm a bit tired of the "glorious awe" effect.
This is another great, heart-stopping scene.<br /><br />The ending is a disappointing Spielberg-esque clich&eacute; that is only relieved with a final set of special effects that rival "Armageddon" and "The Day After Tomorrow".
It's definitely not an upgrade from any previous Rambo installment; it's just the next one. The dialog is very 'Stallone-esque' (lots of cheesy tag lines that sometimes hit and sometimes miss) but tolerable if you keep your expectations realistic being that it's a Stallone movie.
I love how the film has a mix of fantasy with H.P. Lovecraft-esque themes to it and of course some good timed humor mixed in, this is one of the greatest comic book movies in recent memory and a true must see!
 The "Labyrinth"-esque set at the end is particularly good.
That's just the way you say it: Basterds."[8] He stated in an interview that the misspelled title is "a Basquiat-esque touch.
Is there any real concern that people will mistake Tarantino-esque fiction for historical fact?
It's definitely not an upgrade from any previous Rambo installment; it's just the next one. The dialog is very 'Stallone-esque' (lots of cheesy tag lines that sometimes hit and sometimes miss) but tolerable if you keep your expectations realistic being that it's a Stallone movie.
It's definitely not an upgrade from any previous Rambo installment; it's just the next one. The dialog is very 'Stallone-esque' (lots of cheesy tag lines that sometimes hit and sometimes miss) but tolerable if you keep your expectations realistic being that it's a Stallone movie.
It's definitely not an upgrade from any previous Rambo installment; it's just the next one. The dialog is very 'Stallone-esque' (lots of cheesy tag lines that sometimes hit and sometimes miss) but tolerable if you keep your expectations realistic being that it's a Stallone movie.
A year after the couragous mutant team known as the X-Men, there has been a terrorist mutant attack made by Devil-esque mutant named Nightcrawler (Alan Cumming) in the White House.
It was highly enjoyable and scary enough for my taste in its B movie way. Some great John Carpenter-esque performances.
 Though Carpenter enlists certain elements that may be stereotypical, such as the Romero-esque zombies and the notion of all-encompassing evil attempting to over-take good, Carpenter adds his own unique twists.
In a 1984-esque white-washed future underground dystopia where sexuality is banned, all humans sport shaved heads and the same shapeless outfits as they go about their work in a mandated state of sedation, listening to exhortations to &quot;Buy and Be Happy.
 The same can be said for the cardboard-esque representation that we witnessed from Maud Adams.
While one might expect a Shatner-esque, over-the-top performance from Carrey, to which we've become accustomed in his comedic work, we are instead given a performance that is both subtle and remarkably powerful.
What do our memories look like if shown as a movie? Dali-esque, if Gondry is to be believed, complete with melting faces.
Significantly, Edgerton and co. take a Coen-esque hyper-cinematic and slightly postmodern approach (though in a non-winking manner), reinforce the drama via delicious black humor, and even the sparse solo piano that often drives the score reminds of "Blood Simple"'s minimalist soundtrack.
As for the film itself - by now, everyone knows that it's a Campbell-esque &quot;hero's journey&quot; dressed up as a gothic horror/suspense yarn.
 Large explosions and violence countered with a sneaky Sneakers-esque style subplot overshadowed the plot.
When I got this, I was really looking for a guro-esque movie, so I will review it from that standpoint.
An amusing movie overall, but not recommended for others looking for guro-esque films.
Now 19 years later the nightmares have resurfaced, but this time he awakens with a Freddy Krueger-esque slash mark on his hand that won't heal.
I love Lily Tomlin's Disney-esque dream sequence, the one that causes the most problems.
 We remember Oz and Will make love.  Watching Willow fall in love with Tara or Buffy with Riley or Spike become a Disney-esque wacky sidekick, we couldn't handle it.
They are cardboard cutout characters that are simply there to quote Tarantino-esque dialogue.
The second half, shot in glorious Technicolor (except for a Kill Bill-esque slip into black and white), is immaculately shot and acted, Tarantino circling the camera around his girls in a seven minute uninterrupted take like a consummate pro.
For Quentin Tarantino's sixth full-length film, we are treated to a John Carpenter-esque stalker/slasher movie that, oddly enough, features a man behind a wheel doing all the damage.
Five minutes later, after a brief interlude with the Coen-esque sherrif and his gormless sidekick, Tarantino is back to pointing the camera at babes in cars(different ones this time).
 And at least that one had the restraint to refrain from drill-bra versus chainsaw duels and Power Ranger-esque ninja death squads.
Thus, he also included the party-girl Monroe-esque character in this film.
 This is a good series ruined by dumb OVAs.  On the lighter side of life:  This edition has Ranma-esque humor that had me rolling on the floor.
 We witness the ending of playwright Barton Fink's (John Turturro in a somewhat Eraserhead-esque coif) latest creation, an allegedly social-realist drama about working-class Jews on the lower east side of Manhattan.
"T2" immediately does away with the Del James-esque poetics of the first film and goes for pure commercialism.
 Her mother, Christine, in all her Donna Reed-esque perfection  feels something is amiss and explores her own psyche to find the answers to her uneasy feelings.
 That's where the trailer left it....and it left me thinking this might be a Mulan-esque story where she goes off on some sort of adventure (again making me nervous that maybe we'd just have a rehashed story).
Javier Bardem steals the show here as a zombie-esque bad guy who kills people with a cattle gun as he stalks Josh Brolin who has Bardem's $2 million from a drug deal gone bad.
But for those wanting to experience something a little different- a Hollywood-esque attempt at a history lesson with some tango, pop, and theatre thrown in, EVITA may be the movie for you.
Sleek cars, stuffy old men, and a Madonna-esque, high spirited girl are the ingredients of this 1980's comedy that has since reached cult status deservingly.
This fact turned off a large number of viewers who were looking for another Spiderman-esque kid-friendly film.
Sometimes this film looks very Disney-esque or something out of a 60's "Wild Kingdom" episode and the narrative style complete with accompanying music will look and sound very hokey to many.
 I kept laughing at the ridiculous MacGyver-esque schemes the main character devised to outwit dangerous professional killers.
Plus, he had a really dodgy Steven Segal-esque ponytail.
As usual, there's a lot going on that makes no real sense within the story (McConaughey's Rube Goldberg-esque prosthetic leg, the insane CIA agent played by a chilling John Gale, etc.
 Some nice slow-motion, Matrix-esque bullet dodging scenes, and the JCVD kicks are always classic, but there's just too much to truly enjoy.
Rodman's character, a shady special arms dealer, does add some brightness with his 007-esque cadre of tech gadgets.
This movie gives us a very David Lyncian-esque look at Suburban life in the late 50's with a nice score by Jonathan Elias and Angelo Balantomi (Blue Velvet and City of Lost Children) and very well acted.
 And what about "Bugs Nips the Nips?"  Would the howlingly funny<br />"Jeepers Creepers" featuring Pinto Colvig's Goofy-esque ghost fall into that category?
 But if you can handle that, and would like to see a mad scientist-esque character piecing together a new body out of hookers for his recently deceased fiance then this movie is well worth watching!
 Well, first of all, the main (kinda') character...a gothic, dark, strange, quiet, "Vampire Hunter D"-esque character named "Darkside".
 You're not going to see some amazing James Cameron-esque special effects and lighting here.
 The president (a Clinton-esque Bill Bullman) calls upon military services to fight these creatures.
 As a result, you end up with some tragically babel fish-esque translations.
 The series is based on a number of well-crafted books which create a well thought out Tolkien-esque world.
 Which would be safer; crafting an Oliver Stone-esque conspiracy movie or a film that would resonate with the Thursday afternoon geriatric watcher?
Caught in the midst of a Clinton-esque scandal gone completely bad, Meyers wiggles his way across the political power lines, brokering himself back into the game but at the same time he becomes just as petty and cutthroat as the very people he believed he was fighting against proving politics is a dehumanizing game of the jaded and the ruthless.
 The guy had very little screen time and just delivered stale politically correct blah-blah, in typical Clooney-esque fashion.
This film is completely spellbinding and amazing.  The Terry Gilliam/Monty Python-esque animation is totally stunning.
One of the best animated movies anyone will ever see as the score is just fantastic in that Pink Floyd-esque soundtrack, unforgettable images and so much more that in fact James Cameron is a huge fan of this movie as he used this as one of his inspirations to the movie "Avatar" and even other directors like Hayao Miyazaki are huge fans of this masterpiece.
 "F*** it, I'm outta here!" he proclaims only to find himself running in and out of Scooby Doo-esque doors and encountering both chaos and madness.
We get the sense that Wade's probing of Evans is more than just Hannibal Lecture-esque quid pro quo, where the information is used as power to exploit the owner.
We get the sense that Wade's probing of Evans is more than just Hannibal Lecture-esque quid pro quo, where the information is used as power to exploit the owner.
 This is not the shoddy Ted Turner-esque colorization of the 1980s, and the advance of technology in the interim decades certainly shows in a positive way.
Can you imagine if The Beatles ever had the titanium-esque balls to ever not only take the stage, but to actually release a "name product" and flop it on the heads on their fans with only TWO ACTUAL MEMBERS still in the band?
The self-righteous monologues get even more intolerable when Frank is joined in his quest by the young Roxy, a Juno-esque character who gets an entire scene where she rails against the movie JUNO and explains in great detail her love of Alice Cooper.
The self-righteous monologues get even more intolerable when Frank is joined in his quest by the young Roxy, a Juno-esque character who gets an entire scene where she rails against the movie JUNO and explains in great detail her love of Alice Cooper.
This is a gorgeous fantasy epic with a hefty dose of Monty Python-esque comedy thrown in for good measure.
 The cast is pretty close to all star including Robin Williams, Uma Thurman as a Botticelli-esque Venus, John Neville and even Terry Gilliam himself.
My only two complaints were that the actor playing the grandson seemed like he was trying for Heath Ledger-esque - not bad but not lacking originality and the the actor portraying the restaurateur fiancee overemoted his excitement a bit too much, in my opinion.
 From some great, Scorsese-esque tracking shots inside the train to claustrophobic cityscapes to expansive cinematography of the Indian countryside, the setting figures as extensively in this movie as Anderson's old high school in Rushmore or the high seas in The Life Aquatic, adding another layer of the personality that's always set Anderson movies apart.
Each of them represents a philosophy. Vernita Green is the repentant killer; O-Ren is the megalomaniacal, Caligula-esque nihilist; Budd is a fatalistic, quiet nihilist; Elle is ambitious, cruel and spiteful.
Fun and Tarantino-esque, but wait for the special ed.
There's one sequence where a &quot;Godfather&quot;-esque character is upset about a family member's death, tosses up his arms, and the camera literally stays with the group for a minute afterwards as the actors kick dirt around and fidget, apparently anxious for the director to yell &quot;Cut!
Battle in Outer Space is also given an equally respectable release which should please fans of this War of the Worlds-esque semi sequel to the Toho masterpiece The Mysterians.
 Add to that the fact that she has Audrey Hepburn-esque beauty (a grand statement to make, I know, but she won me over on first glance), and you'd think she'd be a star for a long time.
The clever way it was filmed, which was quite  Blair Witch Project-esque (but in a classy way), brings you into the  action.
For a dead guy, Hazel's ex sure can scrap. Not that we can see much in the sloppily-directed Toho-esque elbows-and-angles style bout.
Every fight scene and car chase (yes, there is more than one car chase) is loaded with Michael Bay-esque hand-held hyper-cuts.
 This is not the shoddy Ted Turner-esque colorization of the 1980s, and the advance of technology in the interim decades certainly shows in a positive way.
The Bottom Line:<br /><br />Though the ending feels somewhat Twilight Zone-esque and doesn't measure up to the rest of the screenplay, this is by and large an exceptionally well-written and acted movie that hurtles through its 138 minute running length and hardly feels a bit dated.
The Tesseract starts at first glance like a low budget, Hong Kong cinema, slick matrix-esque rip-off, but then a truly amazing thing happens.
At times, it feels very modern noir-esque in the same way that the Joseph Gordon Levitt film Brick did.
This film is completely spellbinding and amazing.  The Terry Gilliam/Monty Python-esque animation is totally stunning.
One of the best animated movies anyone will ever see as the score is just fantastic in that Pink Floyd-esque soundtrack, unforgettable images and so much more that in fact James Cameron is a huge fan of this movie as he used this as one of his inspirations to the movie "Avatar" and even other directors like Hayao Miyazaki are huge fans of this masterpiece.
 That little plot twist, as well as the neighbor child's CARRIE-esque psychokinetic abilities should make it clear that we are entering the realm of the absurd here.
Will you enjoy it? If you're easily amused (like I am) and can be bribed with a bug-eyed gollum-esque demon, a nasty incineration death, and a spooky well/porthole-to-hell, then you'll be in good hands.
male witch).<p>The film is very Cthulhu-esque in its mood.
Bava-esque!
As I said, the film does a good job in conveying the "Eichmann-esque" element of the Abu Ghraib scandal.
In a Pacino/DeNiro-esque face-off, Wong and Sam smugly challenge each other to find their respective moles.
This is a brilliantly conceived Michael Mann-esque police drama.
McGinley). The stage is set, and the movie makes its Easy Rider-esque way through the West.
Or maybe it's the other way around. In either case, &quot;It's the Rage&quot; may be intriguing on its Tarantino-esque surface and commendable for its anti-gun social message, but the film can't help but fail as these two impulses fight it out.
They seem to be conected to each other somehow, even though they don't know it. It is an altman-esque movie added guns.
this movie is only good if ur looking for an old fashion slasher. its abit scream-esque but not as scary.
But it takes a tripper after some drug use for him to reconsider. Reluctantly (VERY reluctantly, almost a la C.S. Lewis-esque) accepting Jesus, he decides to use a useful skill of his (construction) to build a new area for orphans.
 For his fifth film, "There Will Be Blood," Anderson has set aside his trademark Altman-esque lushness for a style which recalls Francis Ford Coppola in his prime.
Though it has a more Kubrick-esque approach, the director, P.
Guess which one Farina comes from?<br /><br />That this movie isn't all laughs lends to the Allen-esque feel and makes it more endearing.
 I found this film to be very amusing.  At the same time, it has a distinct Woody Allen-esque feel that was somewhat wasted on the material.
Guess which one Farina comes from?<br /><br />That this movie isn't all laughs lends to the Allen-esque feel and makes it more endearing.
 I found this film to be very amusing.  At the same time, it has a distinct Woody Allen-esque feel that was somewhat wasted on the material.
 Even the snow scene conjures up "St. Louis"-esque visions.
As a direct result, only in her vocal abilities throughout the film does she truly excel; that rich Garland-esque bravado rocking the speakers with a powerful zest for the material she's been given.
or "The Terminator" .. or maybe 007? His character became a caricature of ludicrous proportions, a Rambo-esque powerkiller who is able to annihilate the world using his mad skills and a knife.
I agree. Without that element of slight brutality, it would have been just another journal-esque movie about a family.
The action scenes are tight, with Matrix-esque slow motion shots, crazy camera angles and an emphasis on heavy gun play, indicative of producer John Woo's style.
It also seems a little pretentious at times, particularly towards the end when Jackman experiences a Buddha-esque transcendence.
Long before Disney's version of Zorro (starring Guy Madison) hit TV, I learned about Zorro and his Robin Hood-esque exploits in the old Republic serials shown then.
This film tells a powerful story, a "Crime and Punishment"-esque recovery of the soul, except without the ending that Dostoevsky had in his novel.
In fact, it's an above average one.  It is definitely the funniest Gondry film I've seen and has a warm-hearted Capra-esque feel to it which may seem ridiculous and "cheesy" to some, but it works within the broader context of the film.
There's of course the paladin-esque superheroes like Spider-Man or Superman and there's the anti-heroes like Wolverine or Batman (at his best, so long as he doesn't delve into Miller-machismo).
Eddy (Josh Charles), a transfer student, finds himself assigned to room with a likeable yet Neanderthal-esque, Stuart (Stephen Baldwin), whose primary focus in life includes cutting corners, drinking, and conquering hapless women.
Let's start (and maybe finish) with my first complaint. What's with that sappy, cigar addled Jimney Cricket-esque, nostalgia-obsessed - cliched beyond belief - narration that accompanies black and white shots from the past as boringly as any car commercial?
 More lighthearted and Back to the Future-esque, but almost as enjoyable.
 This film was a great adaptation of the graphic novel, New Frontier.  The characters are all drawn in a Kirby-esque style.
At moments, it almost descends into a Mel Gibson-esque orgy of pain.
However, over time I have seen the movie repeatedly & despite my initial feeling of it being done too hippy-esque I have come appreciate it for the fine film that it truly is.
 Both are superfluous, however, as the real attraction is the EPK-esque "Making of" featurette entitled "Meet The Savages.
 All of it done in gaspable color,  bizarre settings and imagery,  in what has led to the very word,  "Fellini-esque".
If Walt was willing to die, a more Eastwood-esque ending of going in guns blazing would have made a LOT more sense.
Oh, boy, was this movie offensive.<br /><br />I'm not even talking about the rampant Archie Bunker-esque racist remarks coming from the mouth of angry old Mr.
 Only Clint Eastwood can deliver the lines he does in this movie and make them work.  They're so Clint Eastwood-esque.
This movie is targeted more towards young adults. You can tell by the modern-day language and the Twilight-esque cinematography, but that is probably due mostly to the fact that the films have the same director.
S plays an ex-FBI agent who had to retire for various Dirty Harry-esque actions/brutality.
Jim Parsons gets a lot of attention (rightfully so) for his Jim Carrey-esque use of body humor, but each actor is deserving of attention.
 The acting is goofy, the special effects are &quot;Clash of the Titans&quot;-esque, and Ash seems to get his shotgun out of nowhere after coming out of the pit; but, you love it anyway cause its funny and good for a viewing at anytime of the day or night.
 To show off contemporary versions (circa 1990) of Ray Harryhausen-esque stop-motion techniques:<p>The special effects, while dated in the face of CGI prodigiousness, are enormous and spectacular.
 The acting is goofy, the special effects are &quot;Clash of the Titans&quot;-esque, and Ash seems to get his shotgun out of nowhere after coming out of the pit; but, you love it anyway cause its funny and good for a viewing at anytime of the day or night.
 To show off contemporary versions (circa 1990) of Ray Harryhausen-esque stop-motion techniques:<p>The special effects, while dated in the face of CGI prodigiousness, are enormous and spectacular.
 The acting is goofy, the special effects are &quot;Clash of the Titans&quot;-esque, and Ash seems to get his shotgun out of nowhere after coming out of the pit; but, you love it anyway cause its funny and good for a viewing at anytime of the day or night.
 To show off contemporary versions (circa 1990) of Ray Harryhausen-esque stop-motion techniques:<p>The special effects, while dated in the face of CGI prodigiousness, are enormous and spectacular.
 The acting is goofy, the special effects are &quot;Clash of the Titans&quot;-esque, and Ash seems to get his shotgun out of nowhere after coming out of the pit; but, you love it anyway cause its funny and good for a viewing at anytime of the day or night.
 To show off contemporary versions (circa 1990) of Ray Harryhausen-esque stop-motion techniques:<p>The special effects, while dated in the face of CGI prodigiousness, are enormous and spectacular.
 Or maybe it's the Percy-esque element of his films.
 This is not the shoddy Ted Turner-esque colorization of the 1980s, and the advance of technology in the interim decades certainly shows in a positive way.
Yet, somehow what I once thought impossible, without going cheesy, B-movie-esque with the whole production, was brought to an entertaining reality.
Even the absurdity is predictable.<br /><br />I imagine this was conceived as a Charlie Kaufman-esque type of story, but it lacks the spontaneity and wit that Kaufman has employed to good effect.
 I even enjoyed the Kyle MacLachlan-esque style of Andras Jones - then there was Ted Raimi, whom didn't almost fit within this film, but still made it fun to see him sweat.
If you loved other French-esque romances like "French Kiss" and "Chocolat", I recommend buying the remake of "Sabrina" and avoiding this farcical insult to love like the plague.
 Shopgirl-esque, n'est pas?
 There is no doubt that Edward Yang has a great eye and his films do exhibit an Antonioni-esque style when it comes to presentation.
I've got to hand it to Roger Corman for this one; Wasp Woman is a pretty darn good movie (albeit with vintage Corman-esque not so special effects).
Of course the night of the big show- Lucy's eyes are dialated and the show is "Lucy-esque".
While the more intense persona isn't seen, he nails that playboy-esque side of 007 as well as the resourceful and knowledgeable side who can shoot his way through anything.
What's special about Almodovar films is that he is able to explore the naked-ness of humanity creating this "Othello"-esque scenario wherein people are exposed as people -- human enough to feel, be hurt and heal.
The fact that this Frankenstein's monster is not the typical, "Karloff-esque", square-headed green-skinned guy with bolts in his neck is a big plus, and gives the film real originality.
It's quite a bit more earth-mother-esque, with a much slower pace than I prefer.
It was just not right for me...too many dance moves and it had a very cheerleader-esque tone to the whole thing.
Ashley Judd was WAY too Hollywood-esque (is that a word?
Mary Pickford's excellent screwball-esque timing and Douglas Fairbanks' overbearingly forward personality prove that the two should not have been on the decline.
As the opening Addams Family-esque credits by Pablo Ferro rolled over blatant love scenes between planes and phallic missiles and meadow lark love scene music trickled to my ears, I knew I was in for a treat.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
 Be that as it may, I do have to say that "Tron: Legacy" doesn't do Matrix-esque things as well as "The Matrix" did them, particularly in regard to the periodic philosophical tangents.
It is a nice tribute to the eighties- John Carpenter would be proud. We have the classic Carpenter-esque synth, the epic Hans Zimmer feel, and overall, it is pure ear candy and perfection.
And it wouldn't be a Star Wars-esque movie if it didn't have its comic relief, this time it comes in the guise of hapless wizard, Ergo.
Escher-esque animation a delight !
 Large explosions and violence countered with a sneaky Sneakers-esque style subplot overshadowed the plot.
There's a certain Fargo-esque quality, given the snowy Minnesota setting.
"T2" immediately does away with the Del James-esque poetics of the first film and goes for pure commercialism.
When I read the description, I figured I was in for a Disney-esque light-hearted family tale about a dog winning against all odds, but that's certainly not what I got.
 Absolutely.  If you are expecting, however, a nail-biting thriller or a creepy X-Files-esque mystery, you won't really find it.
The annoying Disney-esque familiar to our villain, Rasputan, is an obnoxious little white bat (which channels Iago from Aladdin) who inexplicably moves from being a sinister and vindictive side-kick to an unwilling and disinterested participant to his master's evil scheme.
 It has an almost Troma-esque feel to it (and if you're considering buying this movie, you know who Troma is).
As other reviewers have mentioned here this film has a definite Burton-esque quality to it, which is no bad thing, and shows how good a job the actual director, Brad Silberling, did.
A beautiful, Tim Burton-esque adaptation of the popular children's book series.
I've never read the books, but I found this movie to be quite entertaining in a dreary, Tim Burton-esque way.
 Except for a few Carey-esque smirks and squeals that really didn't reach the level of annoyance that I usually feel watching a Jim Carey movie, he does an outstanding job.
As other reviewers have mentioned here this film has a definite Burton-esque quality to it, which is no bad thing, and shows how good a job the actual director, Brad Silberling, did.
A beautiful, Tim Burton-esque adaptation of the popular children's book series.
I've never read the books, but I found this movie to be quite entertaining in a dreary, Tim Burton-esque way.
 Except for a few Carey-esque smirks and squeals that really didn't reach the level of annoyance that I usually feel watching a Jim Carey movie, he does an outstanding job.
The action scenes are tight, with Matrix-esque slow motion shots, crazy camera angles and an emphasis on heavy gun play, indicative of producer John Woo's style.
(Very Neo-esque) Whoa.
 <p>It's a great ride, too, with very Matrix-esque action sequences that pull you along at great speed, catapulting you into this "underground" world.
Do not be led astray by the excellently edited theatrical preview for this film, it is neither a successful Matrix-esque actioner nor a star-crossed romance pic.
That said, I still enjoyed the R&J-esque story, and how it combined the already connected lores.
After my second viewing of this film I figured I'd get around to writing a review. In an our-world noir-esque film, vampires and werewolves are in an age old war to defeat one or the another.
So far so good--you weren't expecting Bergman-esque psychological depth, were you?
 Whoa!  Then there's some Matrix-esque stuff that doesn't resemble the Matrix.
The cheap looking quality made it look almost documentary-esque, as if you're right there with them.
written and produced by mel gibson. lots of cool action, violence, humor done in a tarantino-esque style.
 It almost reminded me of the Japanese series Lone Wolf & Cub, especially the showdown in the Kurosawa-esque oppressive, sheeting rain.
But that's so strange, isn't it,...Tom Hanks in a mobster-esque role,.
 The cinematography and editing is first-rate, a real feast for the eyes, and I enjoyed the Ella-esque mid-century Jazz score.
 If you miss payments, the company will "repo" your organs.  This all plays out in an opera-esque format with everyone dressed in psuedo-goth attire via a 17 year old emo girl who plays the lead role.
Although I may be ashamed to listen to them frequently, Seeley's Timberlake-esque vocals plus that typical pop sound are a good(if tired) combination.
Considering the Columbine type content, I'm surprised it hasn't been banned. It's an 80's shocker, kind of Fight Club-esque.
After Veronica begins to despise her supposed friends, she meets up with Jason Dean, played by the young "Jack Nicholson-esque" Christian Slater, whom helps to escalate this hatred for the Heathers (and some others.
Tim Curry gives a strong performance as the Satan-esque character.
Couldn't even stand to watch the thing.  The awful Disney-esque music had me ranting like a mad-woman!
 The apes inhabit a Flintstone-esque city and are divided into three different castes, the Orangutangs, who are the politicans and keepers of the faith, and seemingly the caste in absolute control, the Gorillas, whoa re the workers and the soldiers, and who seem to occupy the lowest position, and the Chimpanzees, who are the scientists and intellectuals.
He's, what, 43 years old? And he's playing an Evel Knievel-esque, motocyclying hotshot who jumps everything from cars to spinning helicopter blades?
He's, what, 43 years old? And he's playing an Evel Knievel-esque, motocyclying hotshot who jumps everything from cars to spinning helicopter blades?
The amazon review for this film says "that is boring to describe a movie as tarantino-esque, but that this film fits the shoe".
A Guy Ritchie esque plot with confusing changing alliances in the gangster world. And Tarantino-esque dialogue.
 In fact, if you want to learn how to dance and will find yourself disappointed with any aerobics-esque moves, then shut down the computer now and go and sign up at your local dance studio.
I love how the film has a mix of fantasy with H.P. Lovecraft-esque themes to it and of course some good timed humor mixed in, this is one of the greatest comic book movies in recent memory and a true must see!
 The "Labyrinth"-esque set at the end is particularly good.
 Finally, there is Bohm's personal interaction with the orchestra.  Bohm was not a Toscanini-esque screamer, or a tyrant of the Fritz Reiner/George Szell mold.
 The story is also compelling, with a rather Lord of the Rings-esque fantasy appeal.
One of the finest ways that this is captured is the poetic and ballet-esque motion of the battle sequences.
There were hints of Braveheart-esque traits but sadly this film, while excellent in its own right, falls short.
And how sad is it that my favorite part and character from the movie was Aro? Probably because he's a proper Rice-esque vampire.
And she is as beautiful as ever, in that form-fitting thigh-split dress and buxom attributes. After a brief Bathory-esque interrment, The film begins with swirls of dark multi-colored paint churning ever-so elegantly to the sounds of a classical composition - quite a pleasing effect.
 They look Fulci-esque.
Two newly weds get tarrorized by a dead girl in Tokeyo for 90 minuets, add a strangly odd zombie-esque love scene and being french kissed by a slug(?
Plus, he had a really dodgy Steven Segal-esque ponytail.
After a terribly stale and soap-opera-esque fifth season, Jenji Kohan and the team of writers behind this brilliant dark comedy have kicked the show back into gear.
Two newly weds get tarrorized by a dead girl in Tokeyo for 90 minuets, add a strangly odd zombie-esque love scene and being french kissed by a slug(?
As it turns out, Sam, with Keaton-esque antics and eccentric nature, is just the housekeeper that Joon has been looking for, and they fall in love.
 The physical comedy and capturing that Keaton/Chaplin-esque style was fantastic and the same can be said with the brother and sister chemistry between Aidan Quinn and Mary Stuart Masterson.
Absolute eye candy for sure. Plus he gets points for twisting such a traditional genre, what with that whole fairy tale-esque thing and all.
<p>I guess 'Harold and Maude' plays on '60s-esque themes of turning maverick, challenging societal moulds, denouncing materialism.
If you are into Stephen King-esque movies then you will probably enjoy this one.
 The president (a Clinton-esque Bill Bullman) calls upon military services to fight these creatures.
 It is not Disney-esque.
Stillman's debut, Metropolitan, is his most Allen-esque, right down to the simple opening credits sequence accompanied by jazz music.
 But if you can handle that, and would like to see a mad scientist-esque character piecing together a new body out of hookers for his recently deceased fiance then this movie is well worth watching!
Each scene was replete with hue, texture and ambiance melding together to form a sepia-style, Burton-esque fantasy London, opulent in its steampunk-design that melds the worlds of Doyle, Jules Verne, and the recent filmography of Robert Downey Jr.
 The apes inhabit a Flintstone-esque city and are divided into three different castes, the Orangutangs, who are the politicans and keepers of the faith, and seemingly the caste in absolute control, the Gorillas, whoa re the workers and the soldiers, and who seem to occupy the lowest position, and the Chimpanzees, who are the scientists and intellectuals.
Claudio Simonetti recorded some decent music for this one: some heavy instrumental synth-rock and some pretty, opera-esque music with a slightly creepy edge.
 This is not the shoddy Ted Turner-esque colorization of the 1980s, and the advance of technology in the interim decades certainly shows in a positive way.
 The girls don't have to do much dancing, but they wave their hands and kick their feet in a Charleston-esque way.
No one is going to crucify you for not having a Star Wars-esque budget to work with.
a violent, convoluted, Tarantino-esque trip through the mean streets of Mumbai--stellar soundtrack and all.
Some seem to find this grating, but I'm a major fan of this technique. Slow motion lends a battle that classic Peckinpah-esque gritty brutality, and it's used to spectacular effect in "Watchmen".
Manhattan (Billy Crudup) who is a god-like Superman-esque blue skinned being with unique powers, sexy Silk Spectre (Malin Akerman) and very smart and brilliant crimefighter NightOwl (Patrick Wilson) all join together to try to solve the mystery of the Comedian's death.
Manhattan is the god-like power; Rorschach is the Batman-esque thirst to avenge crime; Night Owl II is a bored rich kid; Silk Spectre II is obliged, etc.
The few moments that were supposed to be funny, weren't. A Jerry Springer-esque talk show moment made it that much worse.
Manhattan (Billy Crudup) who is a Superman-esque immortal god of powers, blank masked avenger Roschach (Jackie Earl Haley), sexy buttkicker Silk Spectre (Malin Akerman) and intelligent Batman-esque Nightowl (Patrick Wilson) are together trying to untangle the mystery of who killed Comedian.
I love wish bear, she is my favorite care bear & this movie has a definitely Disney-esque magical feel to it.
But as much as City of God will disturb you, it's hard to not feel Meirelles's Scorsese-esque talent radiate from the screen (there are more than a few parallels to Goodfellas here).
The more Ozu-esque Maborosi is also worthwhile and beautifully shot, and Distance has a highly intriguing narrative, but if you only see one of Kore-Eda's films, do yourself a favor and buy or rent this one.
The 2nd nightclub scene and the Bond-esque gadget scene brought a smile to me :)<p>- There are 2 commentaries, and I've only seen the one with Snipes and Del Toro, and it proved forgettable.
The 2nd nightclub scene and the Bond-esque gadget scene brought a smile to me :)<p>- There are 2 commentaries, and I've only seen the one with Snipes and Del Toro, and it proved forgettable.
Look, I even get the fact the Shayamalan meant this to be a sort of "B-esque" movie.
 In one of the movie's more "Shyamalan-esque" moments, the explanation actually is anticipated very early in the film by a high school student in science class.
Look, I even get the fact the Shayamalan meant this to be a sort of "B-esque" movie.
 Don't listen to all the Lohan haters, and enjoy this one for what it is -- an enjoyably trashy, giallo-esque camp classic.
Truth be told, it  wasn't all that great, but it was nice to see Lindsay Lohan in something besides a Disney-esque type of movie, or some type of teen comedy.
In a 1984-esque white-washed future underground dystopia where sexuality is banned, all humans sport shaved heads and the same shapeless outfits as they go about their work in a mandated state of sedation, listening to exhortations to &quot;Buy and Be Happy.
 My only real issue was with the Shakira-esque night club number.
<p>This movie was excellent. A wonderful feel to it; very &quot;Mission: Impossible-esque.
I liked this movie! Its one of the painfully awkward Napoleon Dynamite-esque ones.
 I guess in the film the future doesn't seem so future-esque.
There are some very interesting Burton-esque alterations that update the elements of Alice's journey quite nicely.
If you are expecting Deepa Mehta-esque type story telling.
 Neither is it merely the postmodern fantasy of a director of the surreal.<p>Artificial Intelligence is a Siddartha-esque journey film, a story of a quest for identity and the meaning of life, and to a lesser degree, the documentary of some of the more important symbols of our cultural understanding of those questions.
 A very thought provoking, very dark, Kubrick-esque movie, and I commend Spielberg for pulling it off.
 He is absolutely not Caretaker.  He was not the smart, Jiminy Cricket-esque character that Crewe needed to see what was important to him in the long run.
 The production values are first rate, and Schama's control of the project kept it from seeming &quot;Burns-esque.
I've always been a fan of this movie, the Rock.  Michael Bay catches a lot of flak about his Hollywood-esque action movies, but you can't find anyone that knows action better than him.
It is also great to see Deborah Harry reprise her Intimate Stranger-esque phone sex role too.
 Was it a Saw-esque police drama about a ruthless serial killer?
At least it's a  twist on the usual cartoon-esque tone of these things.
Marvel fans may be upset that there is no cliche Stan Lee-esque radioactivity accident, or nearly Omnipotent "last son" of a dying advanced alien civilization.
THINGS TO DO IN DENVER WHEN YOU'RE DEAD does begin with somereally overt Tarantino-esque dialog and scene set up.
Agent 86 used a variety of Bond-esque devices, notably his shoe, which contained a phone and other doo-dads to help him get through each episode.
 The episodes in this season seemed more motion picture-esque and less like a TV sitcom.
If it was a little more James Bond-esque it might have been better.
Was it a Bond-esque action thriller or something more suave and slow paced?
 While not a Jolie fan, I am a Depp fan, and this movie accentuated his strengths.  Jolie was Audrey Hepburn-esque, and truly exuded class.
 The same can be said for the cardboard-esque representation that we witnessed from Maud Adams.
 Why? Predictability.  Design is always the same.  Stick figure-esque, almost surreal imagery is in every flick.
 Assuming you can see though its typically  Burton-esque fog of gloom, you will find some good actors struggling  within.
 With "Reloaded", what began as a single successful film becomes an updated "Star Wars"-esque trilogy, with a seemingly unbeatable first film, a middle piece, and a battle-filled climax.
 With "Reloaded", what began as a single successful film becomes an updated "Star Wars"-esque trilogy, with a seemingly unbeatable first film, a middle piece, and a battle-filled climax.
 Elisha Cuthbert is ethereal, with a Marilyn Monroe-esque appeal.
At least it's a  twist on the usual cartoon-esque tone of these things.
Marvel fans may be upset that there is no cliche Stan Lee-esque radioactivity accident, or nearly Omnipotent "last son" of a dying advanced alien civilization.
 Kids and parents used to Pixar-esque complexities might be disappointed, but for the little ones, it's colorful, funny and the songs are fun.
 In dreams, Marlene Dietrich-esque beauties hold court poised on glass legs filled with beer.
Strangelove-esque.
 In fact, the final fight scene in this movie is probably my favorite of any Chan-esque movie.
It's a very Cronenberg-esque thriller with plenty of good stuff for everyone especially horror/Sci-fi fanatics and special effects junkies.
 And the mystical light at the heart of the island?  I can't think of anything more contrived and Disney-esque.
It is the beginning of the more internalised works by Cronenberg, though there are still some horror elements (the Giger-esque instruments for operating on mutant women and the dream sequence).
 <p>It's a great ride, too, with very Matrix-esque action sequences that pull you along at great speed, catapulting you into this "underground" world.
Do not be led astray by the excellently edited theatrical preview for this film, it is neither a successful Matrix-esque actioner nor a star-crossed romance pic.
That said, I still enjoyed the R&J-esque story, and how it combined the already connected lores.
After my second viewing of this film I figured I'd get around to writing a review. In an our-world noir-esque film, vampires and werewolves are in an age old war to defeat one or the another.
So far so good--you weren't expecting Bergman-esque psychological depth, were you?
 Whoa!  Then there's some Matrix-esque stuff that doesn't resemble the Matrix.
 Me so witty!).  It never proposes to offer more than Loony Toons-esque humor (with some decidedly adult twists).
 Me so witty!).  It never proposes to offer more than Loony Toons-esque humor (with some decidedly adult twists).
 The events of Dark of the Moon cause Optimus to move away from the Superman-esque leader of the original film and into the realm of a vengeful anti-hero.
 The Burroughs-esque world portrayed here by Cronenberg is dark and stark, providing the perfect ambience for this sinister story.
 He is absolutely not Caretaker.  He was not the smart, Jiminy Cricket-esque character that Crewe needed to see what was important to him in the long run.
 They never feel like bloated Hollywood-esque action sequences tacked on to relieve your boredom.
WE KNOW BUSH SUCKS!!!!<br /><br />3. All the little voices. I'm so tired of Margaret Cho's queeny-drag-queen-esque gay-male impersonations.
Its a combination of Cops and ER which tries to elevate  itself into art with the Madonna-esque MTV video style footage - and  portentious voice overs, the result is terrible.
Reviewing the Movie: Before he appeared in a lot of hollywood-esque movies, Rowan Atkinson (RA) was put on the map with a little program named "Mr.
It could be the soundtrack that recalls AMERICAN GRAFFITI. It could be director Paul Thomas Anderson's Scorcese-esque approach to the filming.
Very artsy. Kafka-esque plot about paranoia and insanity.
The action scenes are tight, with Matrix-esque slow motion shots, crazy camera angles and an emphasis on heavy gun play, indicative of producer John Woo's style.
It could be the soundtrack that recalls AMERICAN GRAFFITI. It could be director Paul Thomas Anderson's Scorcese-esque approach to the filming.
 As said to Scrooge by Marley, "you'll be the only person who's cold in Hell!" - A nice little nod to the Dante-esque concept of Hell being frozen at its core.
The 2nd nightclub scene and the Bond-esque gadget scene brought a smile to me :)<p>- There are 2 commentaries, and I've only seen the one with Snipes and Del Toro, and it proved forgettable.
As for the human cast, Brendan Fraser, here a hapless stunt man whose dad just happens to be a 007-esque spy star both in character and for real (played broadly, if briefly, by ex-Bond Timothy Dalton), is a little bland, and the normally witty Jenna Elfman is mostly eye candy as the studio exec.
I have never seen a film that can juggle Python-esque humor and Gladiator-esque emotion so well - nor have I seen a film that has even attempted it, let alone met with success!
 I thought the manner in which it was filmed was fresh, especially with the reality-esque looks of Anne Elliot directly into the camera lens.
The feeling of the piece in no way evokes the intimacy of the story. It has a remote tableau-esque objectivity, jarringly punctuated with overwrought carryings on.
 The acting was extremely organic, yet not directed and produced in a cheap, film-student-esque way.
"Cry_Wolf" is a film that calls back to the slasher films of the late 90's. In other words, it's a "Scream"-esque who-dunnit with a low body count (I think the lowest ever for a horror movie) and virtually no gore.
I'll give this movie 2 stars for some ok Ray Harryhousen-esque effects and the mere presence of an actor of McDowell's caliber, but this is a bad movie.
the voice of the prosecutor is done by John Vernon, the actor who portrayed Dean Wormer in Animal House), the EC-esque B-17 (aka Gremlins, which went through so many script revisions, it's a miracle it got finished at all), the bizarrely hilarious So Beautiful And So Dangerous (ok, maybe there's some truth to the juvenilia charges during this segment, but only a corpse could keep from laughing at this piece), and revenge scenario of Taarna (imagine a tougher, sexier version of Xena, only about a decade and a half earlier).
Kathleen Turner grabs you from the second she is on screen her Jane Mansfield-esque frame is sheathed in a white dress and her husky yet alluring voice and all out jaguar on the prowl apppeal has never been equalled by any actress in this genre since!
Then you have Matrix-esque scenes in a white room which try to ponder philosophical questions about sex, love and life.
 That he dips into a disgusting bit of Farrelly-esque humor is just a little sad to me.
I think I laughed about that for several days. The Lenny Bruce-esque trial of Mellish is the best sent up of a courtroom ever.
He also has quite a nice voice, with a deep Bing Crosby-esque quality about it that makes him all the more appealing.
Hey, I like thrillers and Polanski-esque tension and films that zig when they should zag as much as anybody.
David Lynch's take on Dune is nothing short of pretty darn good. It definitely gets weird (a.k.a. David Lynch-esque) in places, but overall the feel and tone of the movie are wonderful.
Herman Rosse famous for his set designs created the other-worldly-esque, gothic watchtower laboratory.
 The cinematography and editing is first-rate, a real feast for the eyes, and I enjoyed the Ella-esque mid-century Jazz score.
 GITS has spawned a Blade Runner-esque <a href="http://www.
 The excellent battle scenes and cool philip dick-esque plot make this purchase a must for those wanting any anime.
It also seems a little pretentious at times, particularly towards the end when Jackman experiences a Buddha-esque transcendence.
<p>Like I said in the beginning...very Quentin  Tarantino-esque!
Sure, he has his share of American Pie-esque moments (an affair with his coach's wife rings a bell), but it's the bulk of the emotion of the film that falls on him.
He TOTALLY makes this movie. In his Boris Karloff-esque performance he is completely hysterical and left me in stitches laughing throughout the entire movie.
 Although not a highly original or edgy film, it does goes well beyond the barriers of a typical Disney-esque movie.
When an important executive of the NASA-esque company where Hawke works is murdered, he becomes the prime suspect when an eyelash of his is identifed during the police investigation.
Granted, Gattaca certainly tries to be all things to all people - it sells itself variously as a Philip K. Dick-esque sci-fi, as a Tense Political Thriller, an Edgy Romance, even as a Rumination on Filial Love and Obligation - but in my book it fails badly on every count.
Lady in the Water is easily an old school Steven Spielberg-esque film.
Although it has a splash of Matrix-sequel-style obtuseness and Terry Gilliam-esque oddness, Lady in the Water is a pretty original animal as far as films are concerned.
Hungary, by contrast, was nothing but a Disney-esque version of what a communist country ought to have looked like in the mid 50-ies and had it not been for the stupid folk music and the B&W film I would have sworn I'd seen the set somewhere else.
The girl grows up to be a stripper, played blandly by a Lolita-esque Jessica Alba.
The characters ramble on in moments of deep thought, revealing what makes them tick. It's filled to the brim with Arnold-esque one-liners.
There's also a lot of Tarantino-esque recursion in the plot line (not to mention that the character of Miho is straight out the Crazy-88 in _Kill Bill_, and so are her weapons), reminiscent of _Pulp Fiction_: The beginning isn't necessarily the beginning, nor is the end the end.
The "special-effects" graphics and video manipulation delivering cartoon-esque visual cinema has been done ad nauseum--"Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid", "Roger Rabbitt", "Forrest Gump", "Gladiator", are all better examples of like talents used to better results.
The girl grows up to be a stripper, played blandly by a Lolita-esque Jessica Alba.
Eventually, he gets a Evel Knievel-esque motorcycle suit, a motorcycle helmet with wings and a big "A" stenciled on it, and he goes into action as CAPTAIN AMERICA!
Her craft is impeccable. It's too bad that the film falls short dramatically at times, often resorting to Disney-esque sentiment while it abandons the harsher realities of life in favor of a family friendly PG-13 rating.
Lector look like a Sesame Street character. Bale's cold, charismatic, misogynist turn is riveting. His James Bondian-esque face changes to the devilish mask with the reptilian eyes so rapidly, that your blood would freeze.
Whereas Travis Bickle (DeNiro) had an almost innocent, Holden Caulfield-esque outlook on life and the drive to be a heroic figure that saves the world, Patrick Bateman sees the world as an extension of his "greed and disgust".
All in all, great for Bey/Bruckheimer-esque entertainment, but horrible in everything else.
These thugs end up destroying everything but their target, which is a bit Golgo 13-esque, only handled more humorously.
 The book is a hilarious story of a bumbling, Clouseau-esque British military commander (I forget his rank) and his misadventures in World War II, told in a series of episodes.
Robbie Coltrane (Harry Potter And The...) is wonderfully low-key in his Watson-esque role as Depp's assistant.
Reitman seems fully capable of bringing an acidic flavor to the most Capra-esque situation.
 Once again..very "fight club"-esque in its dark humor nature.
 Many scenes and locales vary and shift, and screenplay writer Susan Shilliday invents some L'Engle-esque touches of her own (flower storms, glow worms, ect.
 The same types of fade outs are used and the ending was shocking but in a sixth sense -esque way.
 <p>Leonardo Dicaprio plays Romeo as a misunderstood James Dean-esque rebel with a mysterious aura about him.
DiCaprio's very Shakespeare-in-the-Park-esque Romeo was rather disappointing.
The styles here range from gypsy (not American Tribal, think more of Hossam Ramzy), saidi-esque, classical, Egyptian cabaret, etc.
Despite Hector Elizondo's caricature performance as a Columbo-esque detective and the fact that the film celebrates being shallow as much as it condemns such behavior, it scores some hits, not the least of which is the breezy opening song by Blondie.
Considering the Columbine type content, I'm surprised it hasn't been banned. It's an 80's shocker, kind of Fight Club-esque.
After Veronica begins to despise her supposed friends, she meets up with Jason Dean, played by the young "Jack Nicholson-esque" Christian Slater, whom helps to escalate this hatred for the Heathers (and some others.
And, contrary to what many "anime" fans believe, the movie IS NOT ANIME. It is an American sci-fi/fantasy-esque adventure flick.
The meltdown in Mousedom continues with this disappointing tripe.  Despite the Jules Verne-esque trappings and hints of Victorian elegance, this movie quickly descends into an embarassing, offensive, unlikely combination of "The Abyss" & "Musquito Coast.
 They are some combination of sluggish island people, fierce jungle fighters, and "Battlestar Galactica-esque" pre-historic technowizards.
And, contrary to what many "anime" fans believe, the movie IS NOT ANIME. It is an American sci-fi/fantasy-esque adventure flick.
The meltdown in Mousedom continues with this disappointing tripe.  Despite the Jules Verne-esque trappings and hints of Victorian elegance, this movie quickly descends into an embarassing, offensive, unlikely combination of "The Abyss" & "Musquito Coast.
 They are some combination of sluggish island people, fierce jungle fighters, and "Battlestar Galactica-esque" pre-historic technowizards.
Despite Hector Elizondo's caricature performance as a Columbo-esque detective and the fact that the film celebrates being shallow as much as it condemns such behavior, it scores some hits, not the least of which is the breezy opening song by Blondie.
 Combine that with Diablo Cody's Juno-esque dialogue and surprisingly good turns by Fox and Seyfried, and Jennifer's Body ends up being surprisingly enjoyable.
Combine that with Diablo Cody's Juno-esque dialogue and surprisingly good turns by Fox and Seyfried, and Jennifer's Body ends up being surprisingly enjoyable.
 But Vincent D'Onofrio's Harry Lime-esque Dr.
The concept of the film itself is genius and has an H.P. Lovecraft-esque feel to it, the performances are just outstanding and the special effects still hold up in this digital age.
 I even said "ooh" and "ahh" at some of it.  Oh, those gorgeous color-washed walls and halls! Gorgeous Bava-esque color-drenched scenes!
 He meets a Heidi-esque girl and falls in love, and they too, end up in space.
male witch).<p>The film is very Cthulhu-esque in its mood.
However, over time I have seen the movie repeatedly & despite my initial feeling of it being done too hippy-esque I have come appreciate it for the fine film that it truly is.
Good Fun, but dont come looking for a Tao-Bo-esque workout.
Everyone here is pitch-perfect: Hepburn, Holden, Bogie and the incomparable Billy Wilder.  This is a classic Cinderella-esque story of a young, poor girl hopelessly in love with the son of her father's employer.
A very good fun romp, with sharp twists, almost Roald Dahl-esque justice and humour.
As I said, I liked the weird, NIGHT GALLERY-esque beginning a lot.
Any fool can guess what the outcome of this CINDERELLA-esque story will be.
I love Lily Tomlin's Disney-esque dream sequence, the one that causes the most problems.
 The perfect heroine.<br /><br />The way this movie was done, with the dark, gritty, noir-esque settings of Batman and the 'lightness' of the dark comedy from Nicholson's Joker, gives the movie a vitality that all the others have lacked to a certain extent.
Batman Returns has a very creative and &quot;Burton-esque&quot;  visual style, yet it's so unrelentingly dark it can't compare to the first,  and the best.
 I really enjoyed them and am very glad to have them in my collection.  "First Men in the Moon" is almost Disney-esque in it's quality.
This is not a Disney-esque version of the Dickens book in any way.
 This is not the shoddy Ted Turner-esque colorization of the 1980s, and the advance of technology in the interim decades certainly shows in a positive way.
 It almost reminded me of the Japanese series Lone Wolf & Cub, especially the showdown in the Kurosawa-esque oppressive, sheeting rain.
But that's so strange, isn't it,...Tom Hanks in a mobster-esque role,.
 It almost reminded me of the Japanese series Lone Wolf & Cub, especially the showdown in the Kurosawa-esque oppressive, sheeting rain.
But that's so strange, isn't it,...Tom Hanks in a mobster-esque role,.
 THis movie is very very funny,  fomr it's Blair Witch-esque opening (i know that this came out first) to is  Spedoinkle cast .
The soundtrack is  fantastic, too - lots of edgy 'braindance' from Warp-esque artists,  available on a great CD.
There's a groovy soundtrack featuring some Warp-esque techno acts, lots of quotable lines, and although the central story is basically Arthur C.
While the acting never rises above good, it also never falls into cheesy Lifetime-esque movie of the week mode.
<p>The film's plot centers around a Star Chamber-esque group and their new hit-man recruit, Remo Williams (Ward), who they set on the trail of a corrupt government contractor (Charles "Section Chief Blevins on the X-Files" Cioffi).
Anderson's Event Horizon.<br /><br />In all the film shoes great potential and I suspect that if not for the horror-esque twist for the final quarter of the picture, Sunshine would eventually find favor with the science fiction community at large as perhaps one of the most underrated pieces to come out of London, or for that matter, anywhere.
A few early shots which weave through shadowy corridors and dance about dimly lit Giger-esque passageways immediately foreshadow ominous events.
Although the initial aspirations of "Sunshine" are lost in its B-movie, slasher-esque finale, the film does tie up nicely.
But we found that after a few weeks we were still thinking about it. It has a great Alien-esque feel.
A few early shots which weave through shadowy corridors and dance about dimly lit Giger-esque passageways immediately foreshadow ominous events.
 The cast does a great job of setting the mood and none of it feels lame or B-movie-esque.
Still, the Zombie-esque finale doesn't quite fit.
Robbie Coltrane (Harry Potter And The...) is wonderfully low-key in his Watson-esque role as Depp's assistant.
Anderson's Event Horizon.<br /><br />In all the film shoes great potential and I suspect that if not for the horror-esque twist for the final quarter of the picture, Sunshine would eventually find favor with the science fiction community at large as perhaps one of the most underrated pieces to come out of London, or for that matter, anywhere.
A few early shots which weave through shadowy corridors and dance about dimly lit Giger-esque passageways immediately foreshadow ominous events.
Although the initial aspirations of "Sunshine" are lost in its B-movie, slasher-esque finale, the film does tie up nicely.
But we found that after a few weeks we were still thinking about it. It has a great Alien-esque feel.
A few early shots which weave through shadowy corridors and dance about dimly lit Giger-esque passageways immediately foreshadow ominous events.
 The cast does a great job of setting the mood and none of it feels lame or B-movie-esque.
Still, the Zombie-esque finale doesn't quite fit.
"T2" immediately does away with the Del James-esque poetics of the first film and goes for pure commercialism.
 THis movie is very very funny,  fomr it's Blair Witch-esque opening (i know that this came out first) to is  Spedoinkle cast .
 Even through the (once-again) EXTREMELY GI JOE-esque visuals, storytelling and soundtrack, this film uses powerful symbolism in the manner of Dali's "Le Sangre D'un Poete" and Orwell's "Animal Farm" to push us over the edge and into seeing what our (barely) free minds are up against.
Don't read this unless you've seen the movie .... The movie was going along well, entertaining until the "Harlem Nights-esque" ending.
 Particularly Helsinki.... a quiet but thoughful ending to this Fellini-esque romp across the globe.
With the help of Green Day, Albert Brooks (the french bowler Jacques or Hank Scorpio, the Bond-esque villain from the show) and Tom Hanks, the film's at least a winner a good chunk of the time which is surprising considering the actual show's output lately.
The production value is top notch. The special effects are really good and hold up really well even in our "matrix-esque" era.
With the help of Green Day, Albert Brooks (the french bowler Jacques or Hank Scorpio, the Bond-esque villain from the show) and Tom Hanks, the film's at least a winner a good chunk of the time which is surprising considering the actual show's output lately.
 This movie doesn't have the Disney-esque feel that movies like Steamboy (which I didn't care for), in fact it felt more like watching an Oscar worthy picture.
Battle in Outer Space is also given an equally respectable release which should please fans of this War of the Worlds-esque semi sequel to the Toho masterpiece The Mysterians.
Likewise, Kabaivanska subdues the diva-esque character of Tosca, making her a woman who is real and experiencing real intense feelings in diverse situations - unreasonable jealousy in Act 1, torture, horror and murderous rage in Act 2, love and suicidal despair in Act 3.
A fascinating, minutely-detailed film of Mount Fuji-esque proportions.
Liked the the mood, the eeriness and the effects. It was a little Shining-esque but then Steven King did write it.
 <p>Danny Devito plays what may well have been his last truly funny role, made all the more hilarious because his Brando-esque character takes himself almost as seriously as DeVito takes himself these days.
Ah, yes, why can't all our college experiences be this cool? Instead of rooming with a control freak-esque local girl in a run-down flat in a northeastern college town, wouldn't it have been great if I'd lived with a bunch of cool people in Spain?
Sure it has some Jane Austen-esque subplots, but so many modern stories do and I, for one, never grow tired of them.
I have to admit that I liked the epcot-esque city in which this story is based.
 Pino Donaggio's Herrmann-esque music underscores the film's dramatic tension, while many Hitchcockian elements and references surface.
 ///// Dana: Hello, Peter. Peter Venkman: [whips around Melodramatically, and speaks in a soap opera-esque deep tone] Hello, Dana.
Somethings about this movie lack a lot and some might say its a Pulp Fiction-esque type movie and it is in its only little world.
 You bet!  What made the Max Payne video game so good was its noir-ish undertones, graphic novel-esque presentation, and blood-pumping moments of action.
 You bet!  What made the Max Payne video game so good was its noir-ish undertones, graphic novel-esque presentation, and blood-pumping moments of action.
 You bet!  What made the Max Payne video game so good was its noir-ish undertones, graphic novel-esque presentation, and blood-pumping moments of action.
But at least this film has some good shootouts which lets this film just barely avoid sucking. I also liked the noir-esque feeling of the film that tried to feel somewhat like the cinematic masterpiece Sin City.
Rent before you buy.<br />THE GOOD: Most of the action scenes, some nice CGI-effects and a noir-esque feeling, and the music.
The documentary-esque realism is very much alive in this film and I have to say that Liman is an excellent director.
 And for someone expecting to see a new Final Fantasy-esque storyline on the silver screen, my expectations were not met.
Did I just drool? It did feel a bit Terminator-esque at points, but thankfully, it managed to get past that, and turn into an actually alright movie.
He also has an intentional cameo later on in the movie. His brief performance isn't exactly Hitchcockian or Tarantino-esque, but I think he makes out okay.
The Bottom Line:<br /><br />Though the ending feels somewhat Twilight Zone-esque and doesn't measure up to the rest of the screenplay, this is by and large an exceptionally well-written and acted movie that hurtles through its 138 minute running length and hardly feels a bit dated.
Everytime I hit the mute button, silence is bliss. There is also alot Angel-esque brooding from Dean, who seems utterly helpless to help his brother despite his protests otherwise.
 The comedy--again, very Buffy-esque--is amped up, including many laugh-out-loud moments.
It's also a good movie to watch and relax to late at night. It's along the lines of a Shyamalon-esque thriller/suspense film and I find that it always delivers when i watch it.
...but Funland was just not up to snuff. Cool if you happen to be expecting a '70s T.V.-esque drama, but I was not.
 He spends approximately 80% of the film, making exaggerated "all work and no play..."-esque faces.
showing him scruffy with facial hair most of the film, overweight with a paunch belly, and jovial homo-esque eroticisms with the Woody Harrelson (Stan Lloyd) character.
to be fair, they were plagued by waterworld-esque weather and location problems, and at $200 million, you really just need to get the picture finished, because hey, no one's really happy that it cost that much in the first place.
The Isaac Asimov-esque robot, the massive flood, the large-scale destruction of the undercity, the masses of vehicles travelling outside, the huge interactive set-pieces - every visual element of this movie is absolutely stunning.
In the far future in a large New York-esque city, it seems workers are struggling with people called "Thinkers" who are like the bosses that makes plans and being a big corporation.
As he struggles against giving the order for a My Lai-esque massacre of an unarmed Turkish convoy, Lawrence's face [animated by the incomparable acting of Peter O'Toole] all but says: "Now could I drink hot blood!
He also has an intentional cameo later on in the movie. His brief performance isn't exactly Hitchcockian or Tarantino-esque, but I think he makes out okay.
I like Mr. Quaid. I think that his often-exasperated mannerisms are enjoyable, almost Jack Nicholson-esque at times.
 His various Shamoo-esque leaps, poorly superimposed over the burning town are quite literally beyond belief the first time you view them.
Johnny was the most powerful songwriter of that group, with his Leadbelly-esque compostional style of chronicling hard times.
 The beginning scene with the "cream" filled wash cloth and the condom in the hair, very American Pie-esque.
But the robots have other plans for him... The back of the Neo Tokyo DVD case describes this tale perfectly as "Bradbury-esque.
 Does the money last or will Fry go broke again?  Episode 10: &quot;A Flight to Remember&quot; features a Titanic-esque type of plot with Bender as the lowly peasant falling in love with the Countess.
D-Wars is, from start to finish, a series of melodramatic moments highlighted here and there by Power Rangers-esque special effects.
 Amanda Brooks, Roswell's Jason Behr, and Robert Forster star in this flick, which features gigantic, reptilian-esque creatures wreaking havoc as much as one can imagine.
There's some great, ummm, brainless slapstick, but there's also many Seinfeld-esque setups hatched throughout, always coming full-circle & paying big dividends.
And she's right. Shaun doesn't seem to notice the zombie-esque lifestyle he leads, the terrible routine of drinking at `The Winchester' pub (named after the rifle that gleams over the bar), the protecting of Ed's horrific behavior (ripping farts and calling women the "C" word while never maintaining a job of any kind), and, of course, his forgetfulness that she, Liz, is actually a part of his life.
 The film is quite funny with some Python-esque moments, but is also able to screetch to a halt to deliver a few scenes that might actually get you a little misty eyed(!
 The same can be said for the cardboard-esque representation that we witnessed from Maud Adams.
 Leslie Nielsen plays the President in typical Airplane-esque fashion.
I agree with everyone who says he stole the movie. I loved how he just camped it up, he was almost going quite Python-esque in some scenes, just with his little mannerisms and quirks.
 He has zero, and I mean no chemistry with the barbie-esque Christie, who only needs a gingham dress to remind me of one of the gals from Petticoat Junction.
John the Baptist was portrayed not just rugged, but with crazy-looking eyes and came off a bit Charlie Manson-esque).
I didn't even mind the &quot;Fantasia&quot; ending, Dr. Reinhardt and Maximillian togther in a &quot;Dante-esque&quot; hell.
One star. As a campy b-movie: Three stars. It's almost like a euro art movie, even Fellini-esque, except I don't think that was the intent.
Absolute eye candy for sure. Plus he gets points for twisting such a traditional genre, what with that whole fairy tale-esque thing and all.
Real-life singer Ronee Blakely stands out as a troubled star modeled after Loretta Lynn. In yet another grand Altman-esque gesture, the actors composed their own songs for "Nashville" --and what a soundtrack it is!
The Isaac Asimov-esque robot, the massive flood, the large-scale destruction of the undercity, the masses of vehicles travelling outside, the huge interactive set-pieces - every visual element of this movie is absolutely stunning.
In the far future in a large New York-esque city, it seems workers are struggling with people called "Thinkers" who are like the bosses that makes plans and being a big corporation.
However, even if Pee Wee Herman-esque humor isn't your cup of tea, the movie does have a strong message about the strength of family, another message about honesty, another one about how kids can make a difference, and the movie has one of the best Latin American casts of all time.
A year after the couragous mutant team known as the X-Men, there has been a terrorist mutant attack made by Devil-esque mutant named Nightcrawler (Alan Cumming) in the White House.
Not to mention, there is a huge terminator-esque bio-weapon running around.
Her super solider-esque, Matrix-like fighting techniques was a treat to watch.
The only way this would have been more offensive and cliched is if they had some Vaudeville-esque performer in blackface tap-dancing and eating watermelon throughout the film.
 If you like Love Stories, then buy this movie.  Crouching Tiger has it all. Drama, matrix-esque fight scenes.
 If you are looking for a slapstick Jackie Chan-esque martial arts fun-fest in the vein of Drunken Master, this IS NOT your movie.
Why is that? First off, the previews made it seem like a Naked Gun-esque spoof, of which I am a big fan of those types of movies.
Eventually, he settles his differences in a Fight Club-esque manner -- which is more ridiculous than it sounds -- in order to make way for some more subplots that make absolutely no sense and go nowhere.
evil), and comes out on top (he turns out good)! He is the quintessiantal human character, "Odyssey-esque" (as old Cock used to say), an everyman for today.
Namely the character Augra is being dubbed with Frank Oz's Miss Piggy-esque voice over and of course there is no music or post-production.
 On the way, he encounters Keira, a girl gelfling, her pomeranian-esque pet, Fizgig (a creature with two sets of teeth and a raging temper), the musical potlins (little hippy creatures who have a lust for life and great music), and many other twists and turns.
This motivates Rocky to get back to the ring and make a George Foreman-esque comeback for the ages.
Pierce Brosnan heats up the screen with Rene Russo in this hot little remake.  Although Bond-esque characteristics are present, Brosnan delivers a look at his corrupt and witty side as an actor.
Combine this visual quality with the scenery and waves of costal mexico, top notch surfing and easy going travelogue-esque story telling and you have the best surf film I've seen in a *long* time.
male witch).<p>The film is very Cthulhu-esque in its mood.
 This movie doesn't have the Disney-esque feel that movies like Steamboy (which I didn't care for), in fact it felt more like watching an Oscar worthy picture.
 What's the point?  Every time civilization is engulfed in some sort of cannibalistic, zombie-esque plague many questions get begged and then I fail to enjoy the movie.
Where Smith usually shines, in his predictable hero-esque roles, he fails here--as a scientist who experiment goes wrong.
 I'm glad the directors took a different approach to the Twilight Zone-esque themes of vampires that the original book took.
I agree with everyone who says he stole the movie. I loved how he just camped it up, he was almost going quite Python-esque in some scenes, just with his little mannerisms and quirks.
We were amused by the sheer Lifetime movie-esque feeling to this film, but it's definitely nowhere in the league of It's a Wonderful Life as a Christmas staple.
While the more intense persona isn't seen, he nails that playboy-esque side of 007 as well as the resourceful and knowledgeable side who can shoot his way through anything.
Overall, this is a great DVD.  It gets a little "documentary-esque" at times, but it's full of fascinating archaeological information and research.
"The Red Violin" is a mediocre, highly superficial film that follows the creation and life of a Stradivari-esque fiddle over several centuries, through various owners in Europe, Asia, and finally, North America.
I already knew how this thing was going to end about 7 minutes in, but I wasn't expecting a hilarious Muppet-esque gargoyle.
He made me flinch everytime he delivered his lines. The rest of the cast was 'high school production-esque'--  I especially liked the trampy girlfriend.
 Veteran actor Bruce Spence is outstanding as the Gandalf-esque wizard Zed, and I was pleased to see one of the elven lords from LOTR turn out to play the dark lord villain in this show.
On the other hand, the writers seemed to have done away with the Star Wars-esque reveal at the end of Book 1.
The first, METZENGERSTEIN, by Roger Vadim, features a nubile, Barbarella-esque Jane Fonda as an imperious, mildly sadistic and hedonistic  young socialite/Contessa named Frederique, presumably in the Middle Ages.
Overall, the dvds seemed to be kind of a low-rent production.  I'm willing to overlook the home video-esque production value for a good workout, but was disappointed there too.
 <p>Leonardo Dicaprio plays Romeo as a misunderstood James Dean-esque rebel with a mysterious aura about him.
DiCaprio's very Shakespeare-in-the-Park-esque Romeo was rather disappointing.
There's of course the paladin-esque superheroes like Spider-Man or Superman and there's the anti-heroes like Wolverine or Batman (at his best, so long as he doesn't delve into Miller-machismo).
 What?  So, in this version, we do have a Dracula-esque human being who takes the young lad under his wing.
Personally, that's my favourite part of the film; an almost storybook-esque sequence and still so breathtakingly fluid and full of life, living Po's dream of his possible life as a warrior.
Instead I was disappointed to find an Indianna Jones-esque adventure.
If you loved other French-esque romances like "French Kiss" and "Chocolat", I recommend buying the remake of "Sabrina" and avoiding this farcical insult to love like the plague.
At age 30, the uncompromising Bette Davis won her second Best Actress Oscar for her portrait as an 1852-esque Southern femme fatale set against the backdrop of antebellum New Orleans in the midst of a yellow fever outbreak.
 <p>Danny Devito plays what may well have been his last truly funny role, made all the more hilarious because his Brando-esque character takes himself almost as seriously as DeVito takes himself these days.
Kurt, in a  very Peter-Parker-esque maneuver, gets the entire contents of a  mega-computer's memory (and cognitive abilities) instantly downloaded into  his teenaged human brain during a rainstorm.
...ok, well maybe not James Bond, but close enough. <p>In this movie, we get to see a James Bond-esque character played by Pierce Brosnan screw up a tailor in Panama's life.
 The 'serf' music was so catchy too!  I am glad that this was more Veggie Tale-esque than another recent release.
beautifully flawed. and the villain-esque guy is so powerful.
If the 2012-esque sequence doesn't hook you, than the introduction to George and his ghost whispering abilities will.
Does June mean anything to you?." Very John Edwards-esque.
Although the opening few minutes felt more TV-esque than magical, they were quickly whisked away by the sumptuous middle and ending of the film.
It's not an episode of 'Friends'. It's a fun, off-beat, Tim Burton-esque fairytale more in the style of 'Big Fish' than Narnia.
As you can imagine, the tension rises as everyone accuses everyone else of being an alien, and a Macarthy-esque hunt ensues.
It is 1897 in Covington, PA. There, a small group of puritan-esque settlers have made their home, surrounded on all sides by dense woodlands.
Unfortunately, Shyamalan is now known for his Barnum-esque cheap tricks, so you can't fully buy in to what is presented.
As it turns out, Sam, with Keaton-esque antics and eccentric nature, is just the housekeeper that Joon has been looking for, and they fall in love.
 The physical comedy and capturing that Keaton/Chaplin-esque style was fantastic and the same can be said with the brother and sister chemistry between Aidan Quinn and Mary Stuart Masterson.
Screen Sensation Michael Gambon (Sleepy Hollow, Gosford Park) gives dark and true Gene Hackman-esque (Unforgiven) performance as the cold-hearted Sheriff of the town the cowboys have stumbled upon.
Guess which one Farina comes from?<br /><br />That this movie isn't all laughs lends to the Allen-esque feel and makes it more endearing.
 I found this film to be very amusing.  At the same time, it has a distinct Woody Allen-esque feel that was somewhat wasted on the material.
 Well, with the exception of one Heather-esque villainness who provides no value to the story whatsoever.
 Well, with the exception of one Heather-esque villainness who provides no value to the story whatsoever.
 Well, with the exception of one Heather-esque villainness who provides no value to the story whatsoever.
Warhol was trying to do.<br /><br />I even get the whole "Let's-make-fun-of-all-the-has-been-Hollywood-Lana-Turner-esque-bimbos" out there.
 Shopgirl-esque, n'est pas?
 I had low expectations, thinking it was going to be a typical gross-out, Adam Sandler-esque comedy, with fart jokes and lots of T&A.
 There were Matrix-esque slow motion bits, and even a "do something at a control panel before time runs out" bit.
 There were Matrix-esque slow motion bits, and even a "do something at a control panel before time runs out" bit.
This movie, and others are set in a romantic European-esque period about the turn of the last century.
As they barely contain the outbreak, the film takes an almost Romero-esque twist as conflict and enmity swells between them, exploding in violence at times.
Hideous screen play. But nostalgic seventies-esque sound track and staging!
And there is a District 9-esque buried spacecraft as well.
Leonetti likes smoky nightclubs and motel rooms and the score alternates between jazzy and noir-esque to (unfortunately) synthesized and 80s.
In the Italian horror films I've seen I'm typically treated to either a Goblin soundtrack, or a Goblin-esque soundtrack.
Lovecraft-esque  Italian supernatural horror thriller from Lucio Fulci is one of his greatest and coolest movies ever.
The girl warrior is quite easy on the eyes but the Frankenstein-esque warrior is just so funny it's sad.
written and produced by mel gibson. lots of cool action, violence, humor done in a tarantino-esque style.
 In what seems like a Kaufman-esque joke on his audience Carrey reverts back to his Ace Ventura form as a split personality, so misrepresented, so misdiagnosed that I wonder if the writers bothered to pick up a medical book in researching this.
Spanning over 30 years, the film never flinches as it uncovers intense hardcore battle sequences staged with Braveheart-esque grandiosity.
 Sounds like it might get old? It does.  However, once you get over the fact that the plot material is "Oedipus-esque," shall we say, it's easy to get involved with the story and recognize that it is very intriguing.
The girl warrior is quite easy on the eyes but the Frankenstein-esque warrior is just so funny it's sad.
 In lots of ways, the basic plot is pretty Giallo-esque.
the protagonists are regular people, every character matters, the killer's motivation is very giallo-esque (can't be completely specific w/o giving too much away) most everything proves to be connected, and the mandatory twist ending is more of a ludicrous sick joke than a grand revelation.
the really deranged puppet the killer has popping up at crucial moments, and the Samurai-esque costume he wears when on the attack.
 I don't find it romantic, European, 1930s-esque, racy, well-acted,.
 <p>It's a great ride, too, with very Matrix-esque action sequences that pull you along at great speed, catapulting you into this "underground" world.
Do not be led astray by the excellently edited theatrical preview for this film, it is neither a successful Matrix-esque actioner nor a star-crossed romance pic.
That said, I still enjoyed the R&J-esque story, and how it combined the already connected lores.
After my second viewing of this film I figured I'd get around to writing a review. In an our-world noir-esque film, vampires and werewolves are in an age old war to defeat one or the another.
So far so good--you weren't expecting Bergman-esque psychological depth, were you?
 Whoa!  Then there's some Matrix-esque stuff that doesn't resemble the Matrix.
Escher-esque set designs.
They stated that the film "arrives with confidence and bravado intact. ... and arguably the most Tolkien-esque of the Narnia books".
This sub-plot portrayed Dr. No as a poor Frankenstein-esque creature that was just a product of his horrible experiences and mistreatment by a world that rejected him.
This sub-plot portrayed Dr. No, as a poor Frankenstein-esque creature that was just a product of his horrible experiences, and mistreatment by a world that rejected him.
 However, the strikingly mature tone of these episodes (including a nightmare-esque scenario where Batgirl is killed and Commissioner Gordon launches a full scale attack against Batman and co.
Considering the Columbine type content, I'm surprised it hasn't been banned. It's an 80's shocker, kind of Fight Club-esque.
After Veronica begins to despise her supposed friends, she meets up with Jason Dean, played by the young "Jack Nicholson-esque" Christian Slater, whom helps to escalate this hatred for the Heathers (and some others.
 The apes inhabit a Flintstone-esque city and are divided into three different castes, the Orangutangs, who are the politicans and keepers of the faith, and seemingly the caste in absolute control, the Gorillas, whoa re the workers and the soldiers, and who seem to occupy the lowest position, and the Chimpanzees, who are the scientists and intellectuals.
 And really, that's all you can ask for.<br /><br />Set in the not-so-distant future, a very Palin-esque United States President sends a new mission to the moon.
 You'll see a remarkably Sean-Connery-esque "Triple-Oh-Eight," a comical comparison between the villainous "Galaxy" and Bond's Spectre, and a cigarette lighter meant to put 007's attache case in "From Russia to Love" to shame.
In fact, Hopper portrays the ruthless Fiddler's Green executive with a certain Rumsfeld-esque and Cheney-esque approach.
 It has an almost Troma-esque feel to it (and if you're considering buying this movie, you know who Troma is).
 It has an almost Troma-esque feel to it (and if you're considering buying this movie, you know who Troma is).
Throw in a disgruntled Jabba-esque Scotsman who knows just the wrong things to say, and a few especially nasty gross-out moments (Austin drinking an ersatz cup o&#8217; joe, and the infamous tent scene), and you have a little something for everybody!
THE FARMER'S DAUGHTER, in my opinion, qualifies as unmissable cinema. There's a Frank Capra-esque whiff to this film, and the writers capitalize on it by staging a dizzy third act colored with a vicious smear campaign, a bit of trickeration employed by Ethel Barrymore's character, and a sprawling, anything-goes scrap involving a dirty politician's thugs on one side and our young senator and Katrin's three large brothers on the other.
Here's your chance!) and closes with a Jackie Chan-esque highlight/blooper reel, neither of which are quite as entertaining as they ought to be but I appreciate the novelty.
 There was an attempt to build some "Da Vinci Code"-esque background, but it the mystery unravels before it begins.
 All of it done in gaspable color,  bizarre settings and imagery,  in what has led to the very word,  "Fellini-esque".
I guess I rented it just out of curiosity to see how it compared to all the other Woody Allen-esque excuses for borderline jailbait romances I assumed it would be just based on the cover.
His angelic choir, a trio of female backup singers, is magnificent. The guitarist provides Knopfler-esque lead lines, and his "wind instrument" and keyboard players add richness to the mix.
though that is probably only because both star Isla Fisher... what I got, though, was a gag-full American Pie-esque romp centering on two individuals with just the right amount of crazy that makes it hard to root for them either separately, let alone together.
beautiful and spectacular.  This is simply an escape ...fun, sensational musical numbers, gorgeous costumes, Fosse-esque dance routines, fantastic singing by Cher and Christina .
 It's that Gilliam-esque mastery of the absurd; treat it as if it happens  every day.
 The 7  1/2 floor is almost &quot;Gilliam-esque&quot;- in fact, when I first saw  the preview I assumed it was Terry Gilliam's (Brazil, 12 Monkeys) newest  film.
Like The American President, this is another Capra-esque story, but here the addition of an average guy put into the Presidential role is a kind of flattery to the audience -yes, we think, we could do that as well.
Yes, the baby inherited the miracle drug, growing into the highly intelligent Caesar who lives in Rockwell-esque harmony in an attic the size of a high school gymnasium.
This goes undiscussed on screen.<br /><br />There is one excellent, Speilberg-esque scene of suburbanites marveling as leaves rain down on their cars, shaken loose by the horde of apes traveling through the treetops above.
Another is the more comic-book-esque, authentic, yellow and blue costumes they adapted for this incarnation, which were done very nicely.
And Hal Holbrook's gritty barfly/philosopher is a kind of "Twain-esque" sage himself, very much like the one Hal made his own years ago with his countless one-man shows of "Mark Twain Tonight!
 Since no one can meet her, this only fuels a Garbo-esque cult popularity.
Yes, the baby inherited the miracle drug, growing into the highly intelligent Caesar who lives in Rockwell-esque harmony in an attic the size of a high school gymnasium.
This goes undiscussed on screen.<br /><br />There is one excellent, Speilberg-esque scene of suburbanites marveling as leaves rain down on their cars, shaken loose by the horde of apes traveling through the treetops above.
 Sure, we didn't get any brilliant one-offs like the first seasons "Toby Danger" or the very Monty Python-esque "Lord Bravery" but we also didn't have to suffer through unfunny filler sketches like the Huntsman (so pointless, yet so long) or the Lawn Gnomes (just a bad idea, outright).
It could be the soundtrack that recalls AMERICAN GRAFFITI. It could be director Paul Thomas Anderson's Scorcese-esque approach to the filming.
Another is the more comic-book-esque, authentic, yellow and blue costumes they adapted for this incarnation, which were done very nicely.
Comparisons to Spinal Tap are unjustified. At best this is an Andy Kaufmann-esque attempt at anti-humor with only about a half dozen real jokes, and those just get rehashed again and again throughout the course of the brief 28 minute run time.
Even the score(ah the score), at times feels Vince Gauraldi-esque.
 The apes inhabit a Flintstone-esque city and are divided into three different castes, the Orangutangs, who are the politicans and keepers of the faith, and seemingly the caste in absolute control, the Gorillas, whoa re the workers and the soldiers, and who seem to occupy the lowest position, and the Chimpanzees, who are the scientists and intellectuals.
John Ratzenberger pops up as a strikingly Bumble-esque Yeti, and Frank Oz and Bonnie Hunt round out the team.
You would expect the Toto guys to make sure this was the case. Highlights are Africa, Rosanna (with a funky "little feat-esque" breakdown at the end), Hold The Line.
Lucky for both Fred and E.B. that their paths cross when E.B. runs away from their Wonka-esque candy factory on Easter Island to pursue his dream in Hollywood!
 Yet Marilyn does not want to be worshiped, only loved and respected, and both seem beyond her reach.  Her Lindsay Lohan-esque antics aggravate her colleagues, and her new husband-- playwright Arthur Miller-- condescends to her and secretly wishes he had never married Marilyn.
 Why does the film become detrimentally Disney-esque in Scottie's risible nightmare sequence?
 It lacks the both earnest charm of the original comic as well as the Matrix-esque glitz and gusto that makes The Ultimates one of the most readable and cleverly modern comics published today.
 He has zero, and I mean no chemistry with the barbie-esque Christie, who only needs a gingham dress to remind me of one of the gals from Petticoat Junction.
 (You can immediately see the difference the moment Charles Previn's George Gerschwin-esque music kicks in).
Bob the Builder used to be this innocent kids show where our Bob Villa-esque hero fixed roofs and built barns for his neighbors, but in this new series Bob looks like he's been hanging out with Captain Planet a little too much.
Every fight scene and car chase (yes, there is more than one car chase) is loaded with Michael Bay-esque hand-held hyper-cuts.
If it was a little more James Bond-esque it might have been better.
Was it a Bond-esque action thriller or something more suave and slow paced?
 While not a Jolie fan, I am a Depp fan, and this movie accentuated his strengths.  Jolie was Audrey Hepburn-esque, and truly exuded class.
 Burton's first big budget feature effort had been Pee Wee's Big Adventure (1985), a zany Caligari-esque journey in craoyla colors.
 Burton's first big budget feature effort had been Pee Wee's Big Adventure (1985), a zany Caligari-esque journey in craoyla colors.
Nightmares, hello! He appears in an almost Adam & Eve-esque scenario.
Weimar Germany represented another unstable force. Soviet infighting was also recent news, as the Trotsky-esque bad guy reminds us.
 The president (a Clinton-esque Bill Bullman) calls upon military services to fight these creatures.
Nothing Hollywood-esque about this film.
Maurice Jarre's score, which weaves Hindu music with Cole Porter-esque rhythm, never overpowers the dialogue or sound effects.
the film is actually sad, but has a very truthful feeling. it is filmed reality show-esque, with a "bouncing camera".
The film DAVE could be called "Capra-esque" to a point with its optimism and feel good ending.
Kevin Kline's performance brings to mind a Jimmy Stewart-type performance (hence the reference to Capra-esque and "Mr Smith.
The street sounds disappear and the only thing you hear is a repetitive, painfully sweet, tango-esque tune that saturates your imagination every time you think of her, every time you see her, every time she walks up and down that long and narrow flight of stone steps.
 A Clerks-esque dialog coupled with solid acting and direction makes &quot;All Saints Day&quot; at the very least a must-rent, and for most of us; a must-buy to have for our personal collections.
For the example the tiger is now a cigarette smoking monkey, the missing tooth is now a tyson-esque tattoo, the "misplaced buddy" is now a misplaced future brother in law etc.
No one is going to crucify you for not having a Star Wars-esque budget to work with.
Yes, Tennenbaums has obviously been compared to Rushmore, but I found it more &quot;Magnolia-esque&quot; in humor and almost as artistically filmed as Vertical Ray of the Sun.
 He even has a brief training montage which includes some Rocky-esque sweaty ab work.
I personally didn't like it, it was a pain to watch but the LordOfTheRings-esque backdrop eye-candy scenery and buildings made it bearable.
Robert Redford is also perfect as a  'wholesome', nave underdog champion (you can almost feel a JFK-esque aura  around him).
The killer is very Michael-esque, but poor at it.
 And, best of all, there is Campion in a sailor hat.  (*Homer Simpson-esque gurgling noise*)<br /><br />Finally, there is "Sweet Danger.
 And of course Rob Reiner's Capra-esque moment is Shepard fighting back at the end, defending his membership of the ACLU and the rights of his girlfriend to burn flags.
. . a letdown.<br /><br />From the laughable Leno-esque chins to the lack of crucial voice-overs (which had worked SO WELL when you had Bryan Cranston voicing Jim Gordon in Batman:Year One), to the terrible fight animations to the terrible added dialogue .
Considering the Columbine type content, I'm surprised it hasn't been banned. It's an 80's shocker, kind of Fight Club-esque.
After Veronica begins to despise her supposed friends, she meets up with Jason Dean, played by the young "Jack Nicholson-esque" Christian Slater, whom helps to escalate this hatred for the Heathers (and some others.
Much of the movie has a bit of a "Phone Booth"-esque feel to it.
McKellen turned in a rather Shakespeare-esque performance as Magneto in X-MEN, and Dench has proved herself as a good M in thel last three JAMES BOND epics.
It is 1897 in Covington, PA. There, a small group of puritan-esque settlers have made their home, surrounded on all sides by dense woodlands.
Unfortunately, Shyamalan is now known for his Barnum-esque cheap tricks, so you can't fully buy in to what is presented.
It is 1897 in Covington, PA. There, a small group of puritan-esque settlers have made their home, surrounded on all sides by dense woodlands.
Unfortunately, Shyamalan is now known for his Barnum-esque cheap tricks, so you can't fully buy in to what is presented.
It is 1897 in Covington, PA. There, a small group of puritan-esque settlers have made their home, surrounded on all sides by dense woodlands.
Unfortunately, Shyamalan is now known for his Barnum-esque cheap tricks, so you can't fully buy in to what is presented.
 It's as though whoever wrote the dialogue is trying be as artfully artless, dull, terse and Hemingway-esque as possible, and instead  has created a completely dead, stultifying corpse of a movie, with some of the most cringe-inducing lines I've heard in years (and this from someone who goes out of his way to avoid movies with horrible dialogue, i.
It also seems a little pretentious at times, particularly towards the end when Jackman experiences a Buddha-esque transcendence.
 Not to mention the fact that when Doom switches to it's first person-esque view towards the climax, that's when the film goes into complete and utter cheese territory.
 Not to mention the fact that when Doom switches to it's first person-esque view towards the climax, that's when the film goes into complete and utter cheese territory.
Johnny was the most powerful songwriter of that group, with his Leadbelly-esque compostional style of chronicling hard times.
 Not to mention the fact that when Doom switches to it's first person-esque view towards the climax, that's when the film goes into complete and utter cheese territory.
Johnny was the most powerful songwriter of that group, with his Leadbelly-esque compostional style of chronicling hard times.
Don't be fooled by The Gilmore Girls - it isn't all candy-coated, comedy. There's a Dali-esque slide to the left about it which can often take you (pleasantly) by surprise.
I have heard many people simply pass this off as another "Freddy-esque" movie because of the makeup, but the similarities between Englund's most notorious screen character and the Phantom stops there.
The scenery in this movie pops to perfection in each of its different striking art styles. Be it classic and drawn-esque, or state of the art CGI, this movie is simply a beautiful sight to behold.
The clever way it was filmed, which was quite  Blair Witch Project-esque (but in a classy way), brings you into the  action.
 While it is emotional to watch the love story unfold, the eye-candy battle sequences, and the picture-esque view of Scotland, there seemed to be a lacking "meat" to this story.
 While it is emotional to watch the love story unfold, the eye-candy battle sequences, and the picture-esque view of Scotland, there seemed to be a lacking "meat" to this story.
Add in it had great stylized action scenes (Matrix-esque, while still being original in appearance), a feel of a huge back history to the story, and very effective bad guys.
Robbie Coltrane (Harry Potter And The...) is wonderfully low-key in his Watson-esque role as Depp's assistant.
 For a historically based film, the least they could have added was a short PBS-esque documentary on actual code talkers.
 James Horner's mostly overplayed score -- except for the "Saving private Ryan"-esque overture and the occasional haunting "flutes" -- doesn't help.
 American cinema is not strong on surrealism, but this is a worthy foray into the genre.  There is a Dali-esque beast that inhabits the landscape which is absolutely inspired.
Very interesting and exciting take on &quot;Tarantino-esque&quot; flicks.
 His fascination with the Garbo-esque youth is understandable, but the scenario takes us on endless journey that ultimately goes only .
For one in this 2008 reboot there are no split screens, no jello-like Hulk, and no weird Bed-nobs and Broomsticks-esque multi-hued screen flashes (when I say flashes I mean the screen doesn't cheaply changed color while silhouetting the actor with a stunned expression on his face.
 One last note is that in this edition, the english dubbing is very B-movie-esque.
 But a dreadfully dull Tarzan-esque battle with the main villainess, unrealistic bullet dodging, and an anti-climactic airplane crash quickly rescind this action vehicle's license to thrill.
Hilarious stunts, ridiculous cheesy little Spielberg-esque asides (the drunk in the alley), horrible one-liners.
 There is no doubt that Edward Yang has a great eye and his films do exhibit an Antonioni-esque style when it comes to presentation.
 There is no doubt that Edward Yang has a great eye and his films do exhibit an Antonioni-esque style when it comes to presentation.
White -- are given greater re-invention than Supes -- who curiously has some jagged Clint Eastwood-esque cheekbones that look horribly out of place on his skin of steel.
Do you enjoy historical-esque anime?
 One last note is that in this edition, the english dubbing is very B-movie-esque.
Add in it had great stylized action scenes (Matrix-esque, while still being original in appearance), a feel of a huge back history to the story, and very effective bad guys.
 As the director Joe Carnahan commented in the 'making of' featurettes, there is a Dante-esque feel that the two cops are descending further and further into Hell, and their facades become more and more stripped away, revealing Oak to be some sort of a madman.
Jimbob" in these pages) that this is a modern Kurosawa-esque film.
From the opening credits clunky font and electro disco-esque soundtrack, to the all-important cherry red blood sputtering scenes.
With 8 1/2, he embraced a much more fanciful surrealistic style, later to be dubbed &quot;Fellini-esque&quot;.
David Lynch's take on Dune is nothing short of pretty darn good. It definitely gets weird (a.k.a. David Lynch-esque) in places, but overall the feel and tone of the movie are wonderful.
 If you like Love Stories, then buy this movie.  Crouching Tiger has it all. Drama, matrix-esque fight scenes.
 If you are looking for a slapstick Jackie Chan-esque martial arts fun-fest in the vein of Drunken Master, this IS NOT your movie.
First, there was the demon-esque vampire makeup.
The Ying-n-Yang of friends. They're similar in that Vaughn is that same kind of lounge-lizard-esque con man without a con, dimwitted with an air of ill-placed superiority and Favreau is his signature calm steady, studying fellow just trying to make it in the big bad voodoo world.
Even so, after trying my best to just enjoy it, this movie was truly apocryphal. Every bit of the Adams-esque dialogue  has been removed, the characters have been stripped of their charm, the opening scene with singing dolphins made my teeth hurt, and the acting left much to be desired.
 I really liked the characters of Cher and Josh and their sibling-esque rivalry that blossomed into love and a lot of the parallels with the book were funny, but this isn't one of my favorite movies or even adaptations.
Despite Hector Elizondo's caricature performance as a Columbo-esque detective and the fact that the film celebrates being shallow as much as it condemns such behavior, it scores some hits, not the least of which is the breezy opening song by Blondie.
As a kid in the 1960's, I watched the Speed Racer cartoon a lot. It was an odd show, with a kerchief'd Pollyanna-esque main character navigating his way through hyper-exaggerated explosions and fist-fights with the Mob.
 Which is not to say IN THE LEAST that this is a silly or kid-only film.  Despite the mega-doses of Matrix-esque flash and dash, this is a great family film that has some serious heart to it, and which I feel was horribly maligned by the critics and movie-goers who weren't ready for what they were going to see and either couldn't or wouldn't go with the flow.
the New Testament.<p>While this has the classic Python-esque wry humor and satire, there's something a little more timid here.
THE NUMBER 23 is Jim Carrey's first venture out of the realm of wacky, Kramer-esque physical comedy and into serious acting.
As expected, some of Carrey's situations are a bit over the top, and Schumacher tries to create a graphic novel-esque presentation during Sparrow's alter-ego episodes.
The tension that slowly builds up between Vash and his brother Knives escalates in an almost Ender's Game-esque fashion and those who enjoy great scifi will love this anime.
 GITS has spawned a Blade Runner-esque <a href="http://www.
 The excellent battle scenes and cool philip dick-esque plot make this purchase a must for those wanting any anime.
 They must rise to the supreme challenge after the reigning superhero, a corporate-sponsored, Ken Doll-esque Greg Kinnear, gets vaporized by one of the good guys.
 In fact, the final fight scene in this movie is probably my favorite of any Chan-esque movie.
S plays an ex-FBI agent who had to retire for various Dirty Harry-esque actions/brutality.
 The girls don't have to do much dancing, but they wave their hands and kick their feet in a Charleston-esque way.
its..."mature" aspects. No there's no sex but there's some small amounts of violence(don't worry, nothing Sleepy Hollow-esque here).
I have never seen a film that can juggle Python-esque humor and Gladiator-esque emotion so well - nor have I seen a film that has even attempted it, let alone met with success!
 At least we have this sordid little flick as a kind of document of that long lost Mappelthorpe-esque era.
As he struggles against giving the order for a My Lai-esque massacre of an unarmed Turkish convoy, Lawrence's face [animated by the incomparable acting of Peter O'Toole] all but says: "Now could I drink hot blood!
or "The Terminator" .. or maybe 007? His character became a caricature of ludicrous proportions, a Rambo-esque powerkiller who is able to annihilate the world using his mad skills and a knife.
 I kept laughing at the ridiculous MacGyver-esque schemes the main character devised to outwit dangerous professional killers.
As the opening Addams Family-esque credits by Pablo Ferro rolled over blatant love scenes between planes and phallic missiles and meadow lark love scene music trickled to my ears, I knew I was in for a treat.
Sleek cars, stuffy old men, and a Madonna-esque, high spirited girl are the ingredients of this 1980's comedy that has since reached cult status deservingly.
With 8 1/2, he embraced a much more fanciful surrealistic style, later to be dubbed &quot;Fellini-esque&quot;.
 It rises above the source material in so many ways, and injects alot of Kafka-esque black humor.
 This film was a great adaptation of the graphic novel, New Frontier.  The characters are all drawn in a Kirby-esque style.
 Almost every joke, gag and laughable moment is mostly original with a Family Guy-esque feel.
 The conflict is room temperature at best.<p> I think they were hoping for a Firm-esque thing here, one got that feeling from the previews.
A particularly pleasing set is Caleb's bachelor pad-esque room, furnished to the nines beyond what any kid could afford.
The action scenes are tight, with Matrix-esque slow motion shots, crazy camera angles and an emphasis on heavy gun play, indicative of producer John Woo's style.
The Bottom Line:<br /><br />Though the ending feels somewhat Twilight Zone-esque and doesn't measure up to the rest of the screenplay, this is by and large an exceptionally well-written and acted movie that hurtles through its 138 minute running length and hardly feels a bit dated.
I  would say that it is his most 'Fellini-esque' film yet.
I would say that it is his more Felini-esque film  yet.
This film is genuinely unpredictable, thanks in large part to a literate, Pinter-esque script, the fact that the action is character-generated, and three generations of great UK actors are on hand to deliver the crowning glory of the film, its performances, I've saved the best for last:<br />Terence Stamp, in his return to the big screen after a lengthy absence, gives his greatest performance, better even than the much-vaunted "The Limey," as the smiling martyr.
i can say various things about why i love this movie, but most importantly i think is the hitchcock-esque atmoshpere and the dark alien underworld alongside the innocent down to earth relationship between kyle's and laura's characters play a lot on how a person will view the film.
 Getting an Arnold-esque lead would have just been competing (quite lamely) with the original.
 The coolness factor is through the roof.  A perfect blend of spectacular fantasy and Heinlein-esque realism.
And while Faye undeniably gets the right bandmember in the end, Lamarr the concierge's 'Love Boat'-esque intervention in the process is wholly unnecessary.
 In a major Hollywood movie?  <p>To take a Michael Moore-esque view on one final note, we see common thugs and low-lives with automatic weapons wounding and killing innocents, and never even question how such dangerous weapons got into their hands, but somehow this is justified  when a bunch of guys in black kill them off one by one.
 I felt that there wasn't enough "classic" Office material, like Jim-Dwight interactions, Michael Scott-esque failures, and not enough Kevin time (but lets be serious - is there ever enough Kevin time?
 Although the sub-plots can be a bit soap-opera-esque, the characters and the actors who play them have evolved enough now to form a hilarious ensemble that cannot seem to go wrong.
I think both are partially correct; the idea of the Rube Goldberg-esque supernatural death almost certainly came down to Final Destination through the original Omen, but the feel of the deaths here is very twenty-first century.
 Yet the couple is married in a Hindu-esque environment (Indian music, the bride and her attendants wear saris, the wedding cake boasts a huge elephant.
The annoying Disney-esque familiar to our villain, Rasputan, is an obnoxious little white bat (which channels Iago from Aladdin) who inexplicably moves from being a sinister and vindictive side-kick to an unwilling and disinterested participant to his master's evil scheme.
Another great segment that was left out was the "Little Women"-esque sequence where they fall through the ice and start cursing and make a pact with the devil.
 Using the woodpecker as a morse code-esque symbol was a beautiful touch.
 I never would have thought this movie would be anything more than mediocre.  The title and the Lake Placid-esque cover seemed to promise a turkey but "Frankenfish" turned out to be a little gem peppered with generous doses of gore and nudity.
Absolute eye candy for sure. Plus he gets points for twisting such a traditional genre, what with that whole fairy tale-esque thing and all.
If you've ever watched the Simpsons for any amount of time, you eventually start seeing things through Groening-esque goggles.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
a stately mansion/castle w/ intensely loyal servants and a cavalcade of one-of-a-kind gizmos and James-Bond-esque weapons and gadgets, not to mention a garage full of Jaguars, Porsches and BMW's.
The soft-focused, noir-esque, 1930s-style retrofuture of "Sky Captain" is a visual feast to behold, unabashedly revelling in obvious influences as Lang's "Metropolis" and B-movies of the 1930s.
No one knows who is behind this until they call Sky Captain (Jude Law) who has his own incredible James Bond-esque plane that can swim under water as well as fly.
 The beginning opens up in black and white and later on, when the lovers start over again, color (in a very Wong Kar-wai-esque cinematic sense of it) comes in.
Pierce Brosnan heats up the screen with Rene Russo in this hot little remake.  Although Bond-esque characteristics are present, Brosnan delivers a look at his corrupt and witty side as an actor.
 If you miss payments, the company will "repo" your organs.  This all plays out in an opera-esque format with everyone dressed in psuedo-goth attire via a 17 year old emo girl who plays the lead role.
 In the three episodes that I have seen the guilty parties are not particularly "villain-esque.
An aggressive fridge with a mind of its own sounds Monty Python-esque when you first hear about it, but trust me, you won't be laughing by the end of the movie.
 That's not the worst of it, however.<br /><br />The engine of the plot mainly seems to be sitcom-esque misunderstandings.
 His voice here is the most Beatle-esque and only he could carry this tune the way it should be.
 It is almost Leone-esque in its gradually escalating tension and, though Owen is a blank he's a blank for a very particular reason.
This scene is so painfully Cinderella-esque that I was waiting for Marisa to leave a glass slipper.
 The 'serf' music was so catchy too!  I am glad that this was more Veggie Tale-esque than another recent release.
The music shifts to a Sousa-esque brass band version of the tune as the camera shifts to a huge gunboat rumbling along in Grant's wake.
There are constant angle shifts to shots from back stage and the rafters, odd close ups, and Cirque du Soleil-esque slow-motion passes.
The documentary-esque realism is very much alive in this film and I have to say that Liman is an excellent director.
 The apes inhabit a Flintstone-esque city and are divided into three different castes, the Orangutangs, who are the politicans and keepers of the faith, and seemingly the caste in absolute control, the Gorillas, whoa re the workers and the soldiers, and who seem to occupy the lowest position, and the Chimpanzees, who are the scientists and intellectuals.
In Tarantino-esque fashion, it's ingenious, irreverent, violent and vulgar, but like me, you'll watch it and probably enjoy it.
 <p>Danny Devito plays what may well have been his last truly funny role, made all the more hilarious because his Brando-esque character takes himself almost as seriously as DeVito takes himself these days.
The score composed by John Powell was all right; It suited the action-esque atmosphere in the movie but you'll be hard pressed to even bother paying attention to it.
And finally, Anna Paquin concludes her pointless attempt at conceptualizing Rogue. Instead of the Southern, wonder girl-esque charm, there is the typical $5.
 I kept laughing at the ridiculous MacGyver-esque schemes the main character devised to outwit dangerous professional killers.
Disney (or Disney-esque, I'm not sure of the studio) movie with Billy Bob Thornton as a failed astronaut who is building his own rocket on a farm in the Midwest, with the intention of launching it.
 Large explosions and violence countered with a sneaky Sneakers-esque style subplot overshadowed the plot.
In the outdoors of England, Scottish archeologist Angus Mcflint (Peter Capaldi) has discovered an ancient dinosaur-esque skull in his backyard with a symbol in the ground.
Just in case anyone misses the point, there's a psuedo-Jan Hammer-esque rock insturmental playing during the scene where Kirk &amp; Co.
 We remember Oz and Will make love.  Watching Willow fall in love with Tara or Buffy with Riley or Spike become a Disney-esque wacky sidekick, we couldn't handle it.
 Her character is a strange mix of Lolita-esque teen temptress and troubled young woman trying to come to grips with growing up and she bounces back and forth between seducing one of her (much) older school teachers and a nerdy male class mate.
 Her character is a strange mix of Lolita-esque teen temptress and troubled young woman trying to come to grips with growing up and she bounces back and forth between seducing one of her (much) older school teachers and a nerdy male class mate.
 Look at the SPACE MARINE board and video games, and read past HEAVY METAL  issues and look for &quot;Alien-esque&quot; storylines ( where a bunch of  people are out destroying aliens &amp; bugs with cool weaponry ).
Director James Cameron takes us more into an action oriented Alien movie then the horror-esque type of the first film, and it's done extremely well, engrossing you (for the most part) from the first scene, to the very last.
While far from profound, the film's acceptable Odyssy-esque story takes second chair to a wacked-out, 100% convincing vision of the future and the community of characters who inhabit the portions of it that the film concerns itself with, some of which was quite memorable;<p>A pirate thug named "Scummy", square zero-g pigs, a bar/diner set in a revolving hub ala 2001 to simulate gravity, self-defense mechanisms with apparent senses of humor, and an uproarious, innappropriately hilarious death machine monster that is right out of Red Dwarf.
This movie is almost Parent Trap-esque with Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen playing two different girls, yet it also has definite overtones of the Prince and the Pauper.
The Isaac Asimov-esque robot, the massive flood, the large-scale destruction of the undercity, the masses of vehicles travelling outside, the huge interactive set-pieces - every visual element of this movie is absolutely stunning.
In the far future in a large New York-esque city, it seems workers are struggling with people called "Thinkers" who are like the bosses that makes plans and being a big corporation.
His near silent performance steals every scene in a Chaplin / Keaton-esque way.
Reviewing the Movie: Before he appeared in a lot of hollywood-esque movies, Rowan Atkinson (RA) was put on the map with a little program named "Mr.
 Stereotypes roll out in Zappa-esque, tongue-in-cheek scene after scene.
 I'm not going to whine about how the end just didn't tie it all in together. I'm not going to complain about the MTV-esque version of &quot;Wise Up&quot; in the middle of the film.
 Because I knew of the multiple storylines, i expected something tarantino-esque with something that tied together neatly.
 Aside from capturing the grittiness of Prohibition-era life, as opposed to the overly clean _Chicago_-esque images, this is an intellectual and emotional gangster film.
The amazon review for this film says "that is boring to describe a movie as tarantino-esque, but that this film fits the shoe".
A Guy Ritchie esque plot with confusing changing alliances in the gangster world. And Tarantino-esque dialogue.
Very Tarantino-esque, but Duffy leaves Tarantino for dead.
I was more or less expecting a Tarantino-esque crime movie with some wierdass characters and lots of cursing, which is more or less what I got.
I would've preferred either a longer film with a more fleshed out progression of events, or a more Tarantino/Scorcese-esque approach giving the actors more time to indulge us with their characters peculiarities.
To start, Boondock Saints is blatently inspired by the Tarentino-esque style that has seemed to become popular among the indie crowd lately.
Boondock Saints is an odd movie, know that going in.  It has some Tarantino-esque violence and surreal humor.
In a Skywalker-esque plot twist at the end, the three team up to execute a mobster as he pleads innocent in the courtroom.
 And I'll take a good Tarantino-esque vibe anyday.
 The "Dutch" guy appears out of nowhere, and he's made out to be some sort of super-killer, Hannible Lector-esque character but the only thing really said about him was something like "they only use him when things get really bad.
Many parts of the movie make me laugh out loud. Especially the scenes with Oldman and his Newton-esque experiments.
The glorious nuances of their expression and delivery contrast very nicely with their Laurel and Hardy-esque interpretation of the two characters.
"Everyday" (also Gabriella and Troy) is in the same vein, a Britney-esque bouncer with a finale that seems literally straight out of a black church.
"Everyday" (also Gabriella and Troy) is in the same vein, a Britney-esque bouncer with a finale that seems literally straight out of a black church.
As for the film itself - by now, everyone knows that it's a Campbell-esque &quot;hero's journey&quot; dressed up as a gothic horror/suspense yarn.
Either way, you'll either be severely depressed or immensely amused by what transpires, from the Lifetime-esque opening credits to the painfully bad showdown in the end.
I have never seen a film that can juggle Python-esque humor and Gladiator-esque emotion so well - nor have I seen a film that has even attempted it, let alone met with success!
 Bales' transformation from the buff, he-man-esque physique that those expect from seeing him in Batman Begins, Reign of Fire, or American Psycho, to the incredibly gaunt, emaciated Trevor Reznick is on par with the transformations that Robert De Niro went through in Raging Bull, and more recently Charlize Theron in Monster.
Re: The Corinth Version<br /><br />Upon beginning Welles' epic Inception-esque neo-noir of a power-hungry man using the dredges of the world as his puppets, the average cinemaphile may become disillusioned.
his charming Blyton-esque cottage in the New Forest (which burnt down!
The Isaac Asimov-esque robot, the massive flood, the large-scale destruction of the undercity, the masses of vehicles travelling outside, the huge interactive set-pieces - every visual element of this movie is absolutely stunning.
In the far future in a large New York-esque city, it seems workers are struggling with people called "Thinkers" who are like the bosses that makes plans and being a big corporation.
its..."mature" aspects. No there's no sex but there's some small amounts of violence(don't worry, nothing Sleepy Hollow-esque here).
This is not a boring documentary nor is it the Disney-esque fare that you seen in the trailer, however its not depressing by any means.
It works  well - location footage in Scotland and lots and lots of smoke give the  production an 'Exclaibur'-esque look of grim and gritty reality, and this  is what sticks in the mind after the film is over.
On previous Bakshi films the live action film bleeds through, not so on Fire and Ice, the vibrant Frazetta-esque colors suck you into the world of the movie.
We open with shots of a lit up and pretty cityscape of LA with Gerswin-esque music playing a la Woody Allen's Manhattan.
 The beginning opens up in black and white and later on, when the lovers start over again, color (in a very Wong Kar-wai-esque cinematic sense of it) comes in.
I enjoyed these DVDs greatly.  Python-esque humor delivered by two great talents.
&quot;Evil Dead&quot; is indeed without question, the BEST zombie-esque movie since &quot;Night Of The Living Dead&quot;, and is a non-stop thrill ride at every turn!
There's one sequence where a &quot;Godfather&quot;-esque character is upset about a family member's death, tosses up his arms, and the camera literally stays with the group for a minute afterwards as the actors kick dirt around and fidget, apparently anxious for the director to yell &quot;Cut!
While Marlon does as much as he can (despite some CW-esque jokes thrown in there), his character isn't that memorable and leaves the movie like that with no reason why.
Infighting within the band, a mysterious Yoko Ono-esque character, and the band's inability to make it from the dressing room to the stage without getting lost don't help the cause, either.
And how sad is it that my favorite part and character from the movie was Aro? Probably because he's a proper Rice-esque vampire.
 That's 100% good with me so right away I was expecting a Kubrick-esque film.
The documentary-esque realism is very much alive in this film and I have to say that Liman is an excellent director.
<p>Pacino gives a tour de force performance, delivering his lines with typical Pacino-esque vigor.
He TOTALLY makes this movie. In his Boris Karloff-esque performance he is completely hysterical and left me in stitches laughing throughout the entire movie.
Add in it had great stylized action scenes (Matrix-esque, while still being original in appearance), a feel of a huge back history to the story, and very effective bad guys.
However, over time I have seen the movie repeatedly & despite my initial feeling of it being done too hippy-esque I have come appreciate it for the fine film that it truly is.
 Other Amazon reviewers have compared this film to "The Tree of Life" -- But frankly, TOL was a Disney-esque experience compared to "Melancholia".
As a Peyton Place-esque New England town braces for its worst winter bashing in decades, a dark-eyed (sometimes) baddie we learn later is a dominion of evil itself, also blows into town, and soon the dead bodies pile up.
 The apes inhabit a Flintstone-esque city and are divided into three different castes, the Orangutangs, who are the politicans and keepers of the faith, and seemingly the caste in absolute control, the Gorillas, whoa re the workers and the soldiers, and who seem to occupy the lowest position, and the Chimpanzees, who are the scientists and intellectuals.
There is the Versace-esque Italian designer (Paul Sirvino) who must face health and family crises.
I love how the film has a mix of fantasy with H.P. Lovecraft-esque themes to it and of course some good timed humor mixed in, this is one of the greatest comic book movies in recent memory and a true must see!
 The "Labyrinth"-esque set at the end is particularly good.
However, what blew me away the most wasn't the fullness of the blockbuster-esque sound effects, but the subtlety of the dynamics and all the little noises.
to break into the world's strongest bank (how very Goldfinger-esque.
I have never seen a film that can juggle Python-esque humor and Gladiator-esque emotion so well - nor have I seen a film that has even attempted it, let alone met with success!
True Blood by far is one of the few vampire-esque miniseries I've been able to get into and stay into throughout its 4 seasons.
 I really liked the characters of Cher and Josh and their sibling-esque rivalry that blossomed into love and a lot of the parallels with the book were funny, but this isn't one of my favorite movies or even adaptations.
As for the human cast, Brendan Fraser, here a hapless stunt man whose dad just happens to be a 007-esque spy star both in character and for real (played broadly, if briefly, by ex-Bond Timothy Dalton), is a little bland, and the normally witty Jenna Elfman is mostly eye candy as the studio exec.
As for the human cast, Brendan Fraser, here a hapless stunt man whose dad just happens to be a 007-esque spy star both in character and for real (played broadly, if briefly, by ex-Bond Timothy Dalton), is a little bland, and the normally witty Jenna Elfman is mostly eye candy as the studio exec.
if you are looking for a Dirty Harry-esque cool fest from eastwood, you will be dissappointed.
 The cinematography and editing is first-rate, a real feast for the eyes, and I enjoyed the Ella-esque mid-century Jazz score.
I wish I had some idea of where and how it was filmed. The thoughtfulness of it is Kurosawa-esque.
That is of course before her final transformation and once the fangs come into play, she resembles a Carly Simon-esque freakshow in need of serious dental work.
If you need to bridge the gap between yoga-esque stretching and dynamic athletic movements this is perfect.
 Almost every joke, gag and laughable moment is mostly original with a Family Guy-esque feel.
the water, the clothes, the interiors, the bodies. Some scenes are breathtakingly erotic, again with a Bergman-esque feel.
the voice of the prosecutor is done by John Vernon, the actor who portrayed Dean Wormer in Animal House), the EC-esque B-17 (aka Gremlins, which went through so many script revisions, it's a miracle it got finished at all), the bizarrely hilarious So Beautiful And So Dangerous (ok, maybe there's some truth to the juvenilia charges during this segment, but only a corpse could keep from laughing at this piece), and revenge scenario of Taarna (imagine a tougher, sexier version of Xena, only about a decade and a half earlier).
Senator seeking the Presidential nomination on the heels of his McCarthy-esque tirades against communists in the government.
 The McCarthy-esque anticommunism of the Iselins brilliantly hides the fact that the conspiracy is more real than even the Iselins publically let on, as we see when we find the identity of Shaw's American operator.
Things start to get violent, and we start to see a Matrix-esque scenario where folks get "plugged in" to this virtual world.
 The same types of fade outs are used and the ending was shocking but in a sixth sense -esque way.
 While it is emotional to watch the love story unfold, the eye-candy battle sequences, and the picture-esque view of Scotland, there seemed to be a lacking "meat" to this story.
 When showing Darger's paintings, I didn't need to see little soldier's arms moving in some rip-off Monty Python-esque style.
All in all, great for Bey/Bruckheimer-esque entertainment, but horrible in everything else.
And it doesn`t end there. Then the movie becomes very Tarintino-esque, and from there, a bit of western style violence (ie: Desperado).
McQuarrie is clearly a movie junkie.  This is evident by his Peckinpah-esque story arc and settings and his pair of anti-heroes; the John Woo-esque excessive gunplay, the subsequent and frequent showers of bullets, and the limitless supply of people to kill, and guns to kill them with; and the Quentin Tarantino-esque self-conscious subversion of the genre.
Gone are the chatty hitmen and pop culture references that make movies truly &quot;Tarantino-esque,&quot; and make rip-offs of &quot;Dogs&quot; like &quot;Truth And Consequences, N.
"The Red Violin" is a mediocre, highly superficial film that follows the creation and life of a Stradivari-esque fiddle over several centuries, through various owners in Europe, Asia, and finally, North America.
Well all have their own reason to like the show, but for me I think what won me over was the "90s-esque" cartoon dialogue in combination with the cute art style.
 Its complex premise  is filled with incessant experimentation, with documentary-esque techniques used to set the gears in motion before resorting to more traditional cinema.
 Opportunity presents itself in the person of Briney-esque Cora Corman (Haley Bennett, delightfully loopy), who wants a new song using a line provided by her favorite guru.
 it would have been less unreal (eg, more fantastic) to use a CG orang, or a Henson-esque puppet.
No, this isn't standard Hollywood-esque fare; No, this isn't a penetrating psycho-analysis of one man's life or of an extreme sport; No, this isn't even great film-making.
 This film was a great adaptation of the graphic novel, New Frontier.  The characters are all drawn in a Kirby-esque style.
 What follows is a DaVinci Code-esque whirlwind of clues and revelations as the trio go from spot to spot finding the next clues.
 This after his picture-esque Norman Rockwell-type family is uprooted by the kidnapping of his nine-year-old daughter.
Here's your chance!) and closes with a Jackie Chan-esque highlight/blooper reel, neither of which are quite as entertaining as they ought to be but I appreciate the novelty.
 There was an attempt to build some "Da Vinci Code"-esque background, but it the mystery unravels before it begins.
 Ripping from the pages of what seems like a Crichton-esque medical drama, Cohen pulls the myths of diabetes into the world of comic book artists and paranoid cops.
One of the finest ways that this is captured is the poetic and ballet-esque motion of the battle sequences.
There were hints of Braveheart-esque traits but sadly this film, while excellent in its own right, falls short.
Smith with a Guy Fawkes mask.  John Hurt is also great, giving a Hitler-esque performance, from everything from his spitting when he talks to his strong bodily movements.
John Hurt plays the leader of the government, a Hitler-esque fascist, but he was largely one-dimensional.
John Hurt does a more than believable job as a Hitler-esque leader, angrily addressing England's people, scaring them into following blindly.
 V for Vendetta is a sci-fi-esque thriller with a connection to today's world.
The evil, zombie-esque monarch has plans to use the pig's abilities to locate the Black Cauldron, a demonic, enchanted cauldron with the power to create an army of undead and unstoppable warriors.
 Mixing horror with Kevin Smith-esque dialogue, Justin manages to blend the two together beautifully.
This movie combines Manga-esque western styled rope romp!
Richie is appalled by the idea, thus setting up a series of cruel jokes, misunderstandings, and CURB/SEINFELD-esque mishaps where Evan and Richie end up without girlfriends and their sanity.
She does get one last Silence-of-the-Lambs-esque scene, as the movie ties up the final loose end, but it could have used more of these types of scenes.
The girl warrior is quite easy on the eyes but the Frankenstein-esque warrior is just so funny it's sad.
Propelled by Matt Munro's Sinatra-esque rendition of the memorable title tune, this family-friendly nature film directed by James Hill was a must-see when it was originally released in 1966.
 As a result, you end up with some tragically babel fish-esque translations.
Unfortunately, James's anger is as blatant as the bordello-esque crimson Will has painted his father's church.
The music, by Gregor Narholz is magical and John Williams-esque.
Why is that? First off, the previews made it seem like a Naked Gun-esque spoof, of which I am a big fan of those types of movies.
I love how the film has a mix of fantasy with H.P. Lovecraft-esque themes to it and of course some good timed humor mixed in, this is one of the greatest comic book movies in recent memory and a true must see!
 The "Labyrinth"-esque set at the end is particularly good.
 Minelli can sing her ass off, there's no disputing that,  and her diva-esque Sally is an interesting interpretation.
It's also a good movie to watch and relax to late at night. It's along the lines of a Shyamalon-esque thriller/suspense film and I find that it always delivers when i watch it.
This thing has a bizarre plotline, that leads our protagonist (a geeky-Jimmy Stewart-esque kinda guy) onto an island inhabited by his uncle Boris (rightly voiced by Boris Karloff) and an army of monsters that he created.
A very good fun romp, with sharp twists, almost Roald Dahl-esque justice and humour.
(my least favorite part is easily the way that, when the vampires bite, their mouths extend to a ludicrous Steven Tyler-esque proportion.
It was his cunning and wisdom that defeated Dracula, not a rapid fire cross bow and Dresden Files-esque duster.
Talk about a good horror movie.  This is not your typical hollywood movie folks.  No hollywood-esque chilling sounds here, just whispery quiet and it works big time!
Talk about a good horror movie.  This is not your typical hollywood movie folks.  No hollywood-esque chilling sounds here, just whispery quiet and it works big time!
I would expect the music to be fluid and flowing like the moves but it's nightclub-esque however without the melodies.
But it was more than a London-esque test of manhood or rite of passage (though it was certainly that), it was the searching of a poetic soul for meaning, of a highly sensitive and intelligent kid determined to strip away the layers that came between him and the truth, to remove all the masks and see what was behind them.
(I swear, there's something about candy-esque colors like that, soft and bright at the same time, that activates the emotion centers of the brain.
Absolute eye candy for sure. Plus he gets points for twisting such a traditional genre, what with that whole fairy tale-esque thing and all.
Lady in the Water is easily an old school Steven Spielberg-esque film.
Although it has a splash of Matrix-sequel-style obtuseness and Terry Gilliam-esque oddness, Lady in the Water is a pretty original animal as far as films are concerned.
In Tarantino-esque fashion, it's ingenious, irreverent, violent and vulgar, but like me, you'll watch it and probably enjoy it.
Watch it. Love it. Learn the words. Sing along. Obsess over the awesomeness that is Whedon-esque Easter Eggs.
This movie contains a bit of everything: Coen-esque directing, which is always a pro, a witty screenplay, funny storyline, very well casted, etc.
Not that that's something one thinks of with most chambara-esque type movies - but the female cop here is so obviously outclassed in the fight that you wonder if the male (?
 As a result, you end up with some tragically babel fish-esque translations.
 A military/mercenary (blackwater-esque) presence puts the town in quarantine.
After how good Dawn of the Dead was, I was looking forward to another remake of a George Romero zombie, or zombie-esque film.
Tim Curry gives a strong performance as the Satan-esque character.
Couldn't even stand to watch the thing.  The awful Disney-esque music had me ranting like a mad-woman!
In fact, Hopper portrays the ruthless Fiddler's Green executive with a certain Rumsfeld-esque and Cheney-esque approach.
There are some clever Tarantino-esque time shifting editting techniques that add to the sense of a jigsaw puzzle of plot elements ultimately coming together to a cohesive ending, of sorts, that is satisfying and frustrating at the same time.
 I will agree with the others of the Hitchcock-esque, it's one of those movies where you should pay attention so as not to miss the most minute detail.
This fact turned off a large number of viewers who were looking for another Spiderman-esque kid-friendly film.
For the example the tiger is now a cigarette smoking monkey, the missing tooth is now a tyson-esque tattoo, the "misplaced buddy" is now a misplaced future brother in law etc.
While this may not have the glamour of a Bond-esque spy adventure, this will certainly be regarded as an important and possibly classic spy movie.
 Parts are very "Taming of the Shrew"-esque.
(see the recurring theme here?)<p>The filmmakers seem to be shooting for some kind of Coen-esque story line, but what one gets is a confused mish-mash of scenes that never really come together, yet nevertheless culminate in a Hollywood ending that tells us "Since he's found love, all the neuroses, denial and depression he's spent a lifetime accumulating will now magically go away".
Unexpectedly -- but in the end, not very effectively -- a Tarantino-esque dimension emerges, not care of Jackson but in the form of effete Brit crime boss Xavier, prone to opining about wines like a sommelier before viciously dispatching his opponents.
 But if you can handle that, and would like to see a mad scientist-esque character piecing together a new body out of hookers for his recently deceased fiance then this movie is well worth watching!
Don't fret, though. It actually leads us into a "Pulp Fiction"-esque plot.
As he struggles against giving the order for a My Lai-esque massacre of an unarmed Turkish convoy, Lawrence's face [animated by the incomparable acting of Peter O'Toole] all but says: "Now could I drink hot blood!
This motivates Rocky to get back to the ring and make a George Foreman-esque comeback for the ages.
There are several truly spectacular numbers - the Busby Berkeley-esque showstopper in the bank early on while Martin is trying to borrow money; the dance in the rain to the title song by The Accordionist (Vernel Bagneris) (reminiscent of Gene Kelly in Singin' in the Rain) and Christopher Walken's dynamic number in the tavern (which reminded me of some of Sammy Davis Jr's work) are all worthy of their antecendents.
if you are looking for a Dirty Harry-esque cool fest from eastwood, you will be dissappointed.
<p>I guess 'Harold and Maude' plays on '60s-esque themes of turning maverick, challenging societal moulds, denouncing materialism.
(my least favorite part is easily the way that, when the vampires bite, their mouths extend to a ludicrous Steven Tyler-esque proportion.
It was his cunning and wisdom that defeated Dracula, not a rapid fire cross bow and Dresden Files-esque duster.
Even so, after trying my best to just enjoy it, this movie was truly apocryphal. Every bit of the Adams-esque dialogue  has been removed, the characters have been stripped of their charm, the opening scene with singing dolphins made my teeth hurt, and the acting left much to be desired.
The videos finish up with the wonderful &quot;Hit 'Em Wit Da Hee&quot;, a trip into Tim Burton-esque fantasy with a dash of Michael Jackson a la &quot;Smooth Criminal&quot; in Missy's flashy dance attire.
 Stereotypes roll out in Zappa-esque, tongue-in-cheek scene after scene.
The music was good, I loved Gustave's singing parts, and the showgirl-esque tunes from Meg were interesting.
 This film suffered from being a derivative, watered  down, pseudo-Tarantino-esque knock off.
 When I saw this film for the first time I CRIED.  This is a truly classic, Paddington Bear-esque cartoon rendition (interwoven with stinging, disturbing pop-art perspective shots) of a brutally upsetting event that makes you want to run to Mum and give her a hug.
Disney's quality of films have been diminishing greatly, ever since they lost there &quot;Musical-esque&quot; style after THe Hunchback of Notredame.
Disney's quality of films have been diminishing greatly, ever since they lost there &quot;Musical-esque&quot; style after THe Hunchback of Notredame.
the old jim halpert would NEVER do these!!<br /><br />i vote the "who done it" episode, "where they play that "clue-esque" board game to find out who the fictional murdererer was to distract everyone of what's really going on; which was inevidentily dunder mifflins demise, as the worst episode in season 6.
OK,the trailer,movie packaging,etc.does NOT mention anything about the fact this is almost a "HIGH SCHOOL MUSICAL-esque" movie!
OK,the trailer,movie packaging,etc.does NOT mention anything about the fact this is almost a "HIGH SCHOOL MUSICAL-esque" movie!
 THis movie is very very funny,  fomr it's Blair Witch-esque opening (i know that this came out first) to is  Spedoinkle cast .
 Even though you hate the film itself, for being too Disney-esque.
 The apes inhabit a Flintstone-esque city and are divided into three different castes, the Orangutangs, who are the politicans and keepers of the faith, and seemingly the caste in absolute control, the Gorillas, whoa re the workers and the soldiers, and who seem to occupy the lowest position, and the Chimpanzees, who are the scientists and intellectuals.
I've always been a fan of this movie, the Rock.  Michael Bay catches a lot of flak about his Hollywood-esque action movies, but you can't find anyone that knows action better than him.
The story line is simple - good vs. evil, so what really carries this movie are the Matrix-esque special effects and, more than anything, the martial arts.
 <p>Amazing effects, like Li's encounter with the motorcycle cops or his Matrix-esque dodging of bullets.
If you are expecting Deepa Mehta-esque type story telling.
His zombie-esque, interstellar, slug-infested hometown citizens ring familiar with a sort of INVASION OF THE BODY SNATCHERS theme.
Why would he cut an important keystone of the book's plot? Yet he decides to replace that with Cuban Missile Crisis-esque conflict down on Earth, which feels incredibly irrelevant in present year of 2004.
If Walt was willing to die, a more Eastwood-esque ending of going in guns blazing would have made a LOT more sense.
Oh, boy, was this movie offensive.<br /><br />I'm not even talking about the rampant Archie Bunker-esque racist remarks coming from the mouth of angry old Mr.
 Only Clint Eastwood can deliver the lines he does in this movie and make them work.  They're so Clint Eastwood-esque.
And it doesn`t end there. Then the movie becomes very Tarintino-esque, and from there, a bit of western style violence (ie: Desperado).
McQuarrie is clearly a movie junkie.  This is evident by his Peckinpah-esque story arc and settings and his pair of anti-heroes; the John Woo-esque excessive gunplay, the subsequent and frequent showers of bullets, and the limitless supply of people to kill, and guns to kill them with; and the Quentin Tarantino-esque self-conscious subversion of the genre.
Gone are the chatty hitmen and pop culture references that make movies truly &quot;Tarantino-esque,&quot; and make rip-offs of &quot;Dogs&quot; like &quot;Truth And Consequences, N.
And it doesn`t end there. Then the movie becomes very Tarintino-esque, and from there, a bit of western style violence (ie: Desperado).
McQuarrie is clearly a movie junkie.  This is evident by his Peckinpah-esque story arc and settings and his pair of anti-heroes; the John Woo-esque excessive gunplay, the subsequent and frequent showers of bullets, and the limitless supply of people to kill, and guns to kill them with; and the Quentin Tarantino-esque self-conscious subversion of the genre.
Gone are the chatty hitmen and pop culture references that make movies truly &quot;Tarantino-esque,&quot; and make rip-offs of &quot;Dogs&quot; like &quot;Truth And Consequences, N.
 It was sort of Tim Burton-esque, so maybe if Nightmare Before Christmas is one of your favorites, you'd like this one too.
Good Fun, but dont come looking for a Tao-Bo-esque workout.
 But, I will say that the aspect of the movie that was Cloverfield-esque, though somewhat disappointing, does not completely ruin the movie.
This film is completely spellbinding and amazing.  The Terry Gilliam/Monty Python-esque animation is totally stunning.
One of the best animated movies anyone will ever see as the score is just fantastic in that Pink Floyd-esque soundtrack, unforgettable images and so much more that in fact James Cameron is a huge fan of this movie as he used this as one of his inspirations to the movie "Avatar" and even other directors like Hayao Miyazaki are huge fans of this masterpiece.
 You knew he was physically powerful, but in this movie Dennehy achieves  Brando-esque emotional power.
The Bottom Line:<br /><br />The special effects are nifty and I guess the Chinatown-esque plot is kinda fun, but the gimmick ran stale for me after the first half hour and I wanted a bit more to fall back on than Hoskins' growling and Christopher Lloyd's scenery chewing; I can see why everyone else loves it, but I was not especially enthused.
That would be fans of the videogame and/or fans of surreal Clive Barker-esque horror.
Near the end of the movie, there's alot of blood and a certain Evil Dead-esque moment I don't think I can mention on Amazon, but the accentuating level of suspense in the amount of violence these creatures could inflict worked only to render the film somewhat visually unbalanced.
That would be fans of the videogame and/or fans of surreal Clive Barker-esque horror.
Near the end of the movie, there's alot of blood and a certain Evil Dead-esque moment I don't think I can mention on Amazon, but the accentuating level of suspense in the amount of violence these creatures could inflict worked only to render the film somewhat visually unbalanced.
That would be fans of the videogame and/or fans of surreal Clive Barker-esque horror.
Near the end of the movie, there's alot of blood and a certain Evil Dead-esque moment I don't think I can mention on Amazon, but the accentuating level of suspense in the amount of violence these creatures could inflict worked only to render the film somewhat visually unbalanced.
 In a Hemingway-esque turn, they all die in one way or another for a stupid wooden bridge.
quaint at this point. Made in the early 1970s, it features a Joan Baez song and some decidedly hippie-esque trappings.
Tim Curry gives a strong performance as the Satan-esque character.
Couldn't even stand to watch the thing.  The awful Disney-esque music had me ranting like a mad-woman!
 The perfect heroine.<br /><br />The way this movie was done, with the dark, gritty, noir-esque settings of Batman and the 'lightness' of the dark comedy from Nicholson's Joker, gives the movie a vitality that all the others have lacked to a certain extent.
Batman Returns has a very creative and &quot;Burton-esque&quot;  visual style, yet it's so unrelentingly dark it can't compare to the first,  and the best.
 but there it is.  Probably didn't help that the host wasn't funny.  The hollywood-esque squirrelly jewish-type guy is so heavily over done since the penus in the pie movies.
 It's the nice looking, Kurt Rusell-esque guy next door to be concerned about.
 The ending is Capra-esque but, hey, imitation is the sincerest form of flattery.
He helped Sand become the third major character in the film, giving it personality, creating a Dali-esque canvas.
Even so, after trying my best to just enjoy it, this movie was truly apocryphal. Every bit of the Adams-esque dialogue  has been removed, the characters have been stripped of their charm, the opening scene with singing dolphins made my teeth hurt, and the acting left much to be desired.
However, over time I have seen the movie repeatedly & despite my initial feeling of it being done too hippy-esque I have come appreciate it for the fine film that it truly is.
Sandler doesn't feel miscast, in fact he's quite good, despite some Sandler-esque bits (his dialogue during a rather strange love scene is very reminiscent of his other stuff) but I think his presence suggests this is going to be a low-brow humor geared to frat boys.
The concept of the film itself is genius and has an H.P. Lovecraft-esque feel to it, the performances are just outstanding and the special effects still hold up in this digital age.
Steven Spielberg Executive-Produced with director Jon Favreau(oh yeah, look for an almost Hitchock-esque cameo early on)gives what he has, which if you like his films is usually enough, both for casual viewers and the obvious CGI nuts, though even they may feel cheated.
Steven Spielberg Executive-Produced with director Jon Favreau(oh yeah, look for an almost Hitchock-esque cameo early on)gives what he has, which if you like his films is usually enough, both for casual viewers and the obvious CGI nuts, though even they may feel cheated.
 While it is emotional to watch the love story unfold, the eye-candy battle sequences, and the picture-esque view of Scotland, there seemed to be a lacking "meat" to this story.
Richie is appalled by the idea, thus setting up a series of cruel jokes, misunderstandings, and CURB/SEINFELD-esque mishaps where Evan and Richie end up without girlfriends and their sanity.
I know they were alluding to Ezekiel's UFO-esque "wheel" at the end, but I'm a bit tired of the "glorious awe" effect.
This is another great, heart-stopping scene.<br /><br />The ending is a disappointing Spielberg-esque clich&eacute; that is only relieved with a final set of special effects that rival "Armageddon" and "The Day After Tomorrow".
She has talent, but unfortunately is stuck with the films lamest lines. People criticize the films 'Matrix-esque' effects and stunts.
 Kids and parents used to Pixar-esque complexities might be disappointed, but for the little ones, it's colorful, funny and the songs are fun.
Don't let the mild mannered Beatles' album-esque cover of this movie fool you.
It's kind of like a Raymond Chandler-esque comic book story interpreted 80s style--no academy award nominations here, but a really fun, outlandish, adventure fairy tale.
(see the recurring theme here?)<p>The filmmakers seem to be shooting for some kind of Coen-esque story line, but what one gets is a confused mish-mash of scenes that never really come together, yet nevertheless culminate in a Hollywood ending that tells us "Since he's found love, all the neuroses, denial and depression he's spent a lifetime accumulating will now magically go away".
 A man who is dating Nottingham hotel heiress Violet Nottingham (Teresa Palmer), a party hopping, Paris Hilton-esque socialite and behind-the-scenes, Kendall is having fun with the hotel concierge Aspen (Lucy Lawless).
add to this fledgling CGI, from Industrial Light &amp; Magic; some Disney-esque lightness, (and some Disney-esque darkness), in a well-balanced way, and most of all, characters who secure your emotional interest until the final credit has rolled.
 Don't listen to all the Lohan haters, and enjoy this one for what it is -- an enjoyably trashy, giallo-esque camp classic.
Truth be told, it  wasn't all that great, but it was nice to see Lindsay Lohan in something besides a Disney-esque type of movie, or some type of teen comedy.
Plus, he had a really dodgy Steven Segal-esque ponytail.
nature and eventually discover the Andromeda Strain's weakness in a very H.G. Wells-esque realization.
 Hearing the name Joss Whedon attached to the film, I had visions of Buffy-esque plot twists gone sci-fi.
add to this fledgling CGI, from Industrial Light &amp; Magic; some Disney-esque lightness, (and some Disney-esque darkness), in a well-balanced way, and most of all, characters who secure your emotional interest until the final credit has rolled.
Did I just drool? It did feel a bit Terminator-esque at points, but thankfully, it managed to get past that, and turn into an actually alright movie.
 They must rise to the supreme challenge after the reigning superhero, a corporate-sponsored, Ken Doll-esque Greg Kinnear, gets vaporized by one of the good guys.
 The apes inhabit a Flintstone-esque city and are divided into three different castes, the Orangutangs, who are the politicans and keepers of the faith, and seemingly the caste in absolute control, the Gorillas, whoa re the workers and the soldiers, and who seem to occupy the lowest position, and the Chimpanzees, who are the scientists and intellectuals.
 While I might accept this type of unresolved discontinuity in a Raimi-esque splatter-fest, I expect more out of a movie that presents itself as a 'serious' horror.
 Oscar (Nathaniel Brown) is an American, living in Tokyo.  Or at least a No&eacute;-esque Tokyo full of drugs and bass-thumbing club music.
From stunning POV work, to long steadicam shots to bird's-eye-view to Superman-esque flying-through-the-sky shots, Enter the Void has camera choreography that would make the jaws of Alfred Hitchcock and Brian De Palma drop.
 Oscar (Nathaniel Brown) is an American, living in Tokyo.  Or at least a No&eacute;-esque Tokyo full of drugs and bass-thumbing club music.
She does get one last Silence-of-the-Lambs-esque scene, as the movie ties up the final loose end, but it could have used more of these types of scenes.
We open with shots of a lit up and pretty cityscape of LA with Gerswin-esque music playing a la Woody Allen's Manhattan.
Manhattan who is a glowing blue alien-like being with god-esque powers, Silk Spectre who is a sexy crime-fighting babe, and  the mysterious yet very smart NightOwl are trying to solve the case of Comedian's death and also try to find out who is behind the murder and a government conspiracy that could lead to World War III.
 Sound like the undead to me.  Well that would be a big fat NO. The people who become possessed have a zombie-esque feel to them, but this is more of a ghost story.
It's a great rendition of the stereotypical Hollywood-esque plummet into a drug binging lifestyle that is so often emblazoned across the tabloid newspaper covers.
Jonathan Glazer's Sexy Beast. (The only other exceptions would be Gangster No.1 and Guy Ritchie's own highly Lock Stock-esque Snatch).
Jonathan Glazer's Sexy Beast. (The only other exceptions would be Gangster No.1 and Guy Ritchie's own highly Lock Stock-esque Snatch).
In a D.W. Griffith-esque silent film - a parody of "The Birth of a Nation" -- the new government hunts down "Dishonest Abe" Lincoln, who had been fleeing to Canada in the company of Harriet Tubman.
There's one sequence where a &quot;Godfather&quot;-esque character is upset about a family member's death, tosses up his arms, and the camera literally stays with the group for a minute afterwards as the actors kick dirt around and fidget, apparently anxious for the director to yell &quot;Cut!
It works  well - location footage in Scotland and lots and lots of smoke give the  production an 'Exclaibur'-esque look of grim and gritty reality, and this  is what sticks in the mind after the film is over.
If you like Tim Burtons work, you will appreciate the skewed perspectives, the painted sets, and the Edward Scissorhads-esque "Somnambulist".
With bold, "Pee-Wee's Playhouse"-like doors, Burton-esque buildings, and a dream-like town, director Robert Wiene (along with his set designer and cinematographer) was well beyond the 1900s.
 But this, a noir-esque policier is all the more surprising for the amount of life the master is able to breathe into an otherwise stale, and over-worked type.
It makes NIGHT WATCH, the first of this two-part series, almost Disney-esque.
Her craft is impeccable. It's too bad that the film falls short dramatically at times, often resorting to Disney-esque sentiment while it abandons the harsher realities of life in favor of a family friendly PG-13 rating.
 It was even better the second viewing, where one can sink into performances such as Jeremy Renner's Cagney-esque bravado, and the subtle nuances of Affleck's self-direction as Doug McCray.
 If you are expecting a classic zombie thriller, this ain't it.  It's really more of a twisted Tim Burton-esque parody of 1950's life which happens to have zombies in it.
The 50's-esque fashions and attitudes are also amusing.
I love the use of color: the cars are especially yummy. Billy Connolly is brilliant as Fido! The story is almost Disney-esque: an emotionally stunted family, a lonely boy, and the dog (or in this case, the zombie) who shakes things up.
Funny 1950's "Night of the Living Dead"-esque satire.
It's the Giger-esque imagery that haunts the brain most here, and Scott's various tributes and nods to his filmic past make Prometheus a many-layered visual and mental splendor for cinephiles with patience, open minds and hungry eyes.
Universe-esque alien.
I thought it blended excellent elements of horror, suspense and amazing special effects into an incredible HR Giger-esque vision.
The decor and external design of the ship Prometheus looks suspiciously Nostromo-esque, David plays an almost identical role to Ash (and eventually meets a very similar end) and the film explores the same rape and childbirth-horror themes as did the original film.
And those writers? Oh geeze. Deus ex machina's ALL OVER the damn place. I especially love the Lucas-esque past, which is MORE advanced then the future?
In any case, if you're looking for a Buffy-esque series, this is not the show for you.
Watch as Maxx and his friends fight hordes of freaky ass, hyper-twitchy, blue, Romero-esque zombies (think House on Haunted Hill twitchy).
 Instead of the majestic and ambitious 2001-esque Star Trek: The Motion Picture, with it's so Roddenberry-esque tale of different life forms communicating, understanding and actually combining, we have big spaceships firing laser weapons at each other and plenty of boring running, jumping and falling down - if TMP had the ambition to take Kubrick as it's model, WOK settled for the considerably inferior Lucas.
 There is still a sort of Rocky-esque flavour hovering around the set, with foreshadowing and important plot points steamrolled over by the seemingly non-sequitor dialogue and zany goings-on, but I didn`t find that this damaged the entertainment value any more than it did RH.
 Which would be safer; crafting an Oliver Stone-esque conspiracy movie or a film that would resonate with the Thursday afternoon geriatric watcher?
Caught in the midst of a Clinton-esque scandal gone completely bad, Meyers wiggles his way across the political power lines, brokering himself back into the game but at the same time he becomes just as petty and cutthroat as the very people he believed he was fighting against proving politics is a dehumanizing game of the jaded and the ruthless.
 The guy had very little screen time and just delivered stale politically correct blah-blah, in typical Clooney-esque fashion.
 In 2004, Rob Thomas' Chandler-esque take on high school hit UPN (and later the CW) as "<a href="http://www.
 It's a surreal and haunting work of art:  the lighting, the faces, the music, editing, the Hammett-esque dialog.
Or the Bruce Willis-esque white T-shirt?
 Be that as it may, I do have to say that "Tron: Legacy" doesn't do Matrix-esque things as well as "The Matrix" did them, particularly in regard to the periodic philosophical tangents.
It is a nice tribute to the eighties- John Carpenter would be proud. We have the classic Carpenter-esque synth, the epic Hans Zimmer feel, and overall, it is pure ear candy and perfection.
This Seinfeld-esque comedy performance riffs on the humor of being different than the "norm", be it a nerd, a person of a different sexuality, a person of a different skin color, or a person with a different personality, and shows via humor that we're all the same=humans.
I've always been a fan of this movie, the Rock.  Michael Bay catches a lot of flak about his Hollywood-esque action movies, but you can't find anyone that knows action better than him.
With 8 1/2, he embraced a much more fanciful surrealistic style, later to be dubbed &quot;Fellini-esque&quot;.
Any fool can guess what the outcome of this CINDERELLA-esque story will be.
With 8 1/2, he embraced a much more fanciful surrealistic style, later to be dubbed &quot;Fellini-esque&quot;.
This movie has it all...car chases, a virgin sacrifice, a shootout, a foul-mouthed landlady, Dabney Coleman as a Hef-esque magazine mogul, a bunch of great one-liners, and a super cheesy 80s rock/rap theme song.
(my least favorite part is easily the way that, when the vampires bite, their mouths extend to a ludicrous Steven Tyler-esque proportion.
It was his cunning and wisdom that defeated Dracula, not a rapid fire cross bow and Dresden Files-esque duster.
This is not a boring documentary nor is it the Disney-esque fare that you seen in the trailer, however its not depressing by any means.
This is not a boring documentary nor is it the Disney-esque fare that you seen in the trailer, however its not depressing by any means.
 Bruce Willis is wonderful as the Rambo-esque superguy who outwits, outplays, and outlasts the heavily-armed killers, and reveals just enough of his tender side to endear his character to the audience.
 Hard to find, but worth it. :)  (My favourites are the _extremely_ catchy &quot;Cover Girl&quot;, the early-Beatles-esque &quot;She Won't Change Her Mind&quot; and the rather dark &quot;The Messenger&quot;, among others.
and of course the organism would turn out to be humanoid . . . At this point there's potential for a great Frankenstein-esque tale .
Javier Bardem steals the show here as a zombie-esque bad guy who kills people with a cattle gun as he stalks Josh Brolin who has Bardem's $2 million from a drug deal gone bad.
The girl grows up to be a stripper, played blandly by a Lolita-esque Jessica Alba.
The characters ramble on in moments of deep thought, revealing what makes them tick. It's filled to the brim with Arnold-esque one-liners.
There's also a lot of Tarantino-esque recursion in the plot line (not to mention that the character of Miho is straight out the Crazy-88 in _Kill Bill_, and so are her weapons), reminiscent of _Pulp Fiction_: The beginning isn't necessarily the beginning, nor is the end the end.
The "special-effects" graphics and video manipulation delivering cartoon-esque visual cinema has been done ad nauseum--"Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid", "Roger Rabbitt", "Forrest Gump", "Gladiator", are all better examples of like talents used to better results.
The girl grows up to be a stripper, played blandly by a Lolita-esque Jessica Alba.
 The narrator speaks softly and clearly and is not distracting.  The soundtrack is pleasantly yoga-esque.
This motivates Rocky to get back to the ring and make a George Foreman-esque comeback for the ages.
The martial arts sequences were all pretty well done, and I particuarly enjoyed the Batman-esque gadgets that a couple of the rangers were given especially for the film.
Take a guess what film it ACTUALLY was. The opening credits and Dune-esque backstory piece were removed.
This movie is not a documentary, neither does it have a story / narrative driving events.  It is an undisputably Altman-esque view of life in a successful ballet company, in this case the Joffrey Ballet Company.
There was just enough of her romance with Josh to satisfy me, and none of the soap opera-esque drama that ruined Center Stage.
 The Turning Point without the older generation.<br /><br />Neve Campbell is an up and coming dancer with a Joffrey-esque dance company.
 The dancing sequences are spectacular--Altman appreciates and savors each of them, without doing any heavily MTV-esque editing.
 But a dreadfully dull Tarzan-esque battle with the main villainess, unrealistic bullet dodging, and an anti-climactic airplane crash quickly rescind this action vehicle's license to thrill.
Hilarious stunts, ridiculous cheesy little Spielberg-esque asides (the drunk in the alley), horrible one-liners.
This German version, almost Sound of Music-esque (without all the singing) rendition of Sissi and her Emperor's love story is wonderful.
 Minimal swearing, not in-your-face, over the top and constant sexuality, simulated comic-book-esque violence make this a show for most viewers.
 The comics style for the X-men-esque genre is fresh.
 Westerns are supposed to be either John Wayne-esque fantasies or gritty realistic dramas.
What it actually is, however, is a pretty funny Mr. Bean-esque romp through England.
DVD includes making of, outtakes, and a VH1-esque pop-up video setting that quizzes you  on pop-culture references and influences (kind of fun actually).
The humor is timeless and hilarious; absolute must-see scenes include Zissou's rock and roll 70s copshow-esque shootout (set to the delightfull tunes of non other than Iggy himself), the ruscue mission of the bond-company stooge, and of course, the hilarious openning documentary.
With his usual all-star cast, theatre-esque shots, trademark titles, and unique use of color this strange little film leads you around by the nose to a soundtrack of David Bowie songs performed acoustic and in Portugese by one of the characters on the sea quest.
Witty Woody Allen-esque dialogue and quirky scene changes abound, and the encounter with pirates is pure garbage.
 He took a smart comic premise and peppered in some solid doses of Sam Raimi-esque gore.
I loved this movie!  Eraserhead meets The Forbidden Zone with a touch of John Waters-esque humor.
Sure, early on, Lee and Griffith engage in an unpromising Steven Seagal-esque `pattycake fight', but beyond that, it's cool sailing: it doesn't look as though Lee had let up on his jeet kune do training since the Bruce Lee movie, as he appears in fine form throughout the remaining four battles, which include a neat, unexpected 19th century stickfight with a trio of nasty policemen.
 It lacks the both earnest charm of the original comic as well as the Matrix-esque glitz and gusto that makes The Ultimates one of the most readable and cleverly modern comics published today.
fun.  Chameleon-esque bounty hunters (Flanagan), sexy black widows (Keys and Henson), brute force anarchists (Pine, Durand, and Sterling), mookish bail bondsmen (Affleck), wild cards, and black suits descend on the Nomad on the same fatal day.
**1/2<br /><br />Joe Carnahan`s "Smokin' Aces" is a Tarantino-esque crime drama with a cast of characters almost as extensive  as the one in "War and Peace.
 He takes up ship with a group of escaped convicts: the Worf-esque Luxan warrior D'Argo, the Delvian (and very blue - literally) anarchist priest Zhaan, the deposed Hynerian ruler Rygel, and the outcast Peacekeeper Aeryn.
 The show here is a sleezy Jerry-Springer-esque show, just to increase the pressure for the main character, played by Brittany Murphy.
 If you're looking for a good Meg Ryan-esque light-hearted comedy, look elsewhere.
"T2" immediately does away with the Del James-esque poetics of the first film and goes for pure commercialism.
As you can imagine, the tension rises as everyone accuses everyone else of being an alien, and a Macarthy-esque hunt ensues.
Particularly, Kathy's cheerleader-esque "one more taaaaaaaime!
Some seem to find this grating, but I'm a major fan of this technique. Slow motion lends a battle that classic Peckinpah-esque gritty brutality, and it's used to spectacular effect in "Watchmen".
Manhattan (Billy Crudup) who is a god-like Superman-esque blue skinned being with unique powers, sexy Silk Spectre (Malin Akerman) and very smart and brilliant crimefighter NightOwl (Patrick Wilson) all join together to try to solve the mystery of the Comedian's death.
Manhattan is the god-like power; Rorschach is the Batman-esque thirst to avenge crime; Night Owl II is a bored rich kid; Silk Spectre II is obliged, etc.
The few moments that were supposed to be funny, weren't. A Jerry Springer-esque talk show moment made it that much worse.
Manhattan (Billy Crudup) who is a Superman-esque immortal god of powers, blank masked avenger Roschach (Jackie Earl Haley), sexy buttkicker Silk Spectre (Malin Akerman) and intelligent Batman-esque Nightowl (Patrick Wilson) are together trying to untangle the mystery of who killed Comedian.
 But, who watches this sorta film for the plot?  Stylistically, I was shocked by just how Fulci-esque this film is.
Although the Italian horror/slasher genre of the 1970's includes many films that aren't exactly Disney-esque, I found "The New York Ripper" to be a particularly unpleasant ride.
Try it on a cracker.<br />*Gilliam-esque in the sense that the show features animations.
And, of course, the film has gore gore, violence violence. The film caters to fans of the Conan-esque genre (gritty violence, barbarian characters, bloody gore action) and, surprisingly, the heavy metal genre.
Every fight scene and car chase (yes, there is more than one car chase) is loaded with Michael Bay-esque hand-held hyper-cuts.
 The apes inhabit a Flintstone-esque city and are divided into three different castes, the Orangutangs, who are the politicans and keepers of the faith, and seemingly the caste in absolute control, the Gorillas, whoa re the workers and the soldiers, and who seem to occupy the lowest position, and the Chimpanzees, who are the scientists and intellectuals.
 If you like good artwork, then you should buy this DVD for the cover artwork which is very geiger-esque in nature.
Yes, it was a little High Fidelity-esque as it recounted relationships-gone-by, but it was new life in an old mold.
The annoying Disney-esque familiar to our villain, Rasputan, is an obnoxious little white bat (which channels Iago from Aladdin) who inexplicably moves from being a sinister and vindictive side-kick to an unwilling and disinterested participant to his master's evil scheme.
 The acting is goofy, the special effects are &quot;Clash of the Titans&quot;-esque, and Ash seems to get his shotgun out of nowhere after coming out of the pit; but, you love it anyway cause its funny and good for a viewing at anytime of the day or night.
 To show off contemporary versions (circa 1990) of Ray Harryhausen-esque stop-motion techniques:<p>The special effects, while dated in the face of CGI prodigiousness, are enormous and spectacular.
This movie is an instant classic!!<br /><br />Instead of aiming for sitcom-esque jokes like most of his films, HTTYD has what all Pixar films have: a wide appeal.
Contrary to what some people are saying, I didn't feel like Hiccup was too witty and had 'a juno-esque feel' to him at all.
 Add to this intriguing human-esque characters portrayed by actors of a caliber no longer seen in American television or movies (actors with the ability to convey, with heart-rending conviction, a myriad of emotions with a single glance or gesture) throw in some stunning sets, and you have a production that is unmatchable.
Although I may be ashamed to listen to them frequently, Seeley's Timberlake-esque vocals plus that typical pop sound are a good(if tired) combination.
Unfortunately, James's anger is as blatant as the bordello-esque crimson Will has painted his father's church.
The music, by Gregor Narholz is magical and John Williams-esque.
Smith with a Guy Fawkes mask.  John Hurt is also great, giving a Hitler-esque performance, from everything from his spitting when he talks to his strong bodily movements.
John Hurt plays the leader of the government, a Hitler-esque fascist, but he was largely one-dimensional.
John Hurt does a more than believable job as a Hitler-esque leader, angrily addressing England's people, scaring them into following blindly.
 V for Vendetta is a sci-fi-esque thriller with a connection to today's world.
That Georgios guy, who clearly is the money behind it all, is one Sagan-esque engaging erudite.
 In lots of ways, the basic plot is pretty Giallo-esque.
the protagonists are regular people, every character matters, the killer's motivation is very giallo-esque (can't be completely specific w/o giving too much away) most everything proves to be connected, and the mandatory twist ending is more of a ludicrous sick joke than a grand revelation.
the really deranged puppet the killer has popping up at crucial moments, and the Samurai-esque costume he wears when on the attack.
 The Kafka-esque storyline is meant to be so outrageous as to be funny and if taken in that spirit many of the scenes are very entertaining indeed.
The killer is very Michael-esque, but poor at it.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
The annoying Disney-esque familiar to our villain, Rasputan, is an obnoxious little white bat (which channels Iago from Aladdin) who inexplicably moves from being a sinister and vindictive side-kick to an unwilling and disinterested participant to his master's evil scheme.
 Bruce Willis is wonderful as the Rambo-esque superguy who outwits, outplays, and outlasts the heavily-armed killers, and reveals just enough of his tender side to endear his character to the audience.
I do wish that each of the Chipettes got to interact with their male counterparts but the Simon-esque Chipette hardly features at all (the Theodore girl features a little more but they're mainly just background when compared to the lead and if it weren't for the sake of having all three characters, they could've done the whole movie without them).
 Plain and simple.  I saw the trailer and was pretty interested by the (you're gonna hear it again) Matrix-esque action scenes.
 ///// Dana: Hello, Peter. Peter Venkman: [whips around Melodramatically, and speaks in a soap opera-esque deep tone] Hello, Dana.
 I think what I really enjoyed about it is that it uses the classical Swan Lake music, rather than Disney-esque songs.
 I think what I really enjoyed about it is that it uses the classical Swan Lake music, rather than Disney-esque songs.
 I think what I really enjoyed about it is that it uses the classical Swan Lake music, rather than Disney-esque songs.
I didn't even need a story- I'd watch hours of the luscious Dali-esque landscapes, flowing ethereal fabric, and twisted Kevorkian-esque creations that make up this film.
Wrong!<p>Moreover, while the imagery in the film is visually stunning and, oftentimes, quite beautiful, almost Dali-esque in its conception and execution, it cannot carry and sustain the film, when the plot and story line thin out.
Most kid's movies are either too cutesy or try too hard to make them little J.D. Salinger-esque adults.
Absolute eye candy for sure. Plus he gets points for twisting such a traditional genre, what with that whole fairy tale-esque thing and all.
 The coolness factor is through the roof.  A perfect blend of spectacular fantasy and Heinlein-esque realism.
 Written and delivered with a humor and timing that should appeal to Western audiences and filmed in a somewhat Altman-esque fashion, it's a really refreshing departure from the historical costume melodramas that leave you wiped out and wondering if the mainland is capable of productions as contemporary and uplifting as they often are well-crafted and dour.
Her more Betty Page-esque comic book counterpart might have given the film a problem securing a PG rating.
 This is not the shoddy Ted Turner-esque colorization of the 1980s, and the advance of technology in the interim decades certainly shows in a positive way.
Jim Parsons gets a lot of attention (rightfully so) for his Jim Carrey-esque use of body humor, but each actor is deserving of attention.
 What surprised me was the degree to which this season casts Doris Martin as a progressive, open-minded, Gloria Steinem-esque feminist, how upfront the show is about that, and how provocative it must have been for its time.
In the outdoors of England, Scottish archeologist Angus Mcflint (Peter Capaldi) has discovered an ancient dinosaur-esque skull in his backyard with a symbol in the ground.
The score composed by John Powell was all right; It suited the action-esque atmosphere in the movie but you'll be hard pressed to even bother paying attention to it.
And finally, Anna Paquin concludes her pointless attempt at conceptualizing Rogue. Instead of the Southern, wonder girl-esque charm, there is the typical $5.
I didn't even need a story- I'd watch hours of the luscious Dali-esque landscapes, flowing ethereal fabric, and twisted Kevorkian-esque creations that make up this film.
Wrong!<p>Moreover, while the imagery in the film is visually stunning and, oftentimes, quite beautiful, almost Dali-esque in its conception and execution, it cannot carry and sustain the film, when the plot and story line thin out.
 The scene in which Beowulf fights Grendel's mother is especially bad - there's lots of shrieking and strobe-light-esque movements that seem almost comical in this day and age.
B&G is more drama than action.<br />I'm afraid to say that as a commercial product, the movie has some hollywod-esque concessions (constant cursing -somehow justified by the director and crew in their commentary-, the obligatory romance).
In the film, "reality" is shown via shaky handheld digital Dogma-esque camerawork, but the "fantasy" sequences use a color palette that makes them appear even more real than the "real" scenes.
I thought it was better than the classic 1969 "Scooby Doo Where Are You?" series (there's something about the 1960-esque songs of "sunlight and flowers" in the 1969 series that rub me the wrong way)<br /><br /> I have a crush on Daphne Blake.
 War begins to brew as the reptillian-esque Scarrans now seek the wormhole technology Crichton knows to rule the universe, no matter the cost.
Anyway, having said that, if you are expecting a "Ghost in the Shell/Ninja Srcoll/Basalisk"-esque plot then prepare to be disappointed.
If anything, From Paris with Love is another great addition to the more recent over-the-top and B-movie-esque action titles like Shoot 'Em Up, Crank, and the Transporter movies.
 "Crouching Tiger" surprised many people with it's "Disney-esque" or "Wizard Of Oz" fantasy plot and visuals, but "Hero" defines the understanding of the secret developments of real warriors.
 In its place are a few ill-matched diary-esque insights amidst a series of odd (a Thai prison, are you kidding me?
 Since no one can meet her, this only fuels a Garbo-esque cult popularity.
Putting the Creature 'in clothes' is an obvious Star Trek-esque ploy of saving the budget through cheap costumes but it really takes away greatly from any impact the Creature has and makes it look rather silly.
As he struggles against giving the order for a My Lai-esque massacre of an unarmed Turkish convoy, Lawrence's face [animated by the incomparable acting of Peter O'Toole] all but says: "Now could I drink hot blood!
It has a lot of sorround effects specially in the beggining with the  'Matrix'-esque "girl with bomb explodes" sequence.
Enjoyable comic book-esque adventure!
There was at least one scene that the camera zoomed in on her face. She has a Demi-esque appearance.
With 8 1/2, he embraced a much more fanciful surrealistic style, later to be dubbed &quot;Fellini-esque&quot;.
When these two worlds collide, what happens, but laughter and very disney-esque singing.
It's about an animated world's evil witch-queen that casts a Snow-White-esque character into real world NYC in order to keep The Prince from marrying her.
Princess Giselle (Amy Adams) is a young, Snow White-esque character that spends her days cleaning her house, singing with her animal friends and awaiting the day her prince charming will come and sweep her off of her feet.
If Depp's lethargic, dumbed-down Flynn-esque caricaturization increasingly amount to a dull train wreck then, in Dark Shadows, we witness the actor's de-evolving slide into Bela Lugosi drag, which sounds more interesting than it actually is.
 The actress who plays the hooker has the porno-esque name of Boti Bliss, yet this nobody is too good to take off her top in a movie?
Shaggy lives in an alarmingly large, mansion-esque house and is chosen by Count Dracula to become a werewolf so he can take part in a race for monsters.
Shaggy lives in an alarmingly large, mansion-esque house and is chosen by Count Dracula to become a werewolf so he can take part in a race for monsters.
Take the look/sound/tempo of &quot;Run, Lola, Run&quot; and apply it liberally to a James Bond -esque story.
 If you expect something along the lines of Madonna or Sarah Brightman-esque authenticity in concerts, you may want to pass Britney up.
The production value is top notch. The special effects are really good and hold up really well even in our "matrix-esque" era.
If you like Tim Burtons work, you will appreciate the skewed perspectives, the painted sets, and the Edward Scissorhads-esque "Somnambulist".
With bold, "Pee-Wee's Playhouse"-like doors, Burton-esque buildings, and a dream-like town, director Robert Wiene (along with his set designer and cinematographer) was well beyond the 1900s.
Ah, yes, why can't all our college experiences be this cool? Instead of rooming with a control freak-esque local girl in a run-down flat in a northeastern college town, wouldn't it have been great if I'd lived with a bunch of cool people in Spain?
Ah, yes, why can't all our college experiences be this cool? Instead of rooming with a control freak-esque local girl in a run-down flat in a northeastern college town, wouldn't it have been great if I'd lived with a bunch of cool people in Spain?
Young Yakuza is that unique blend of reality show and Godfather-esque drama.
 He spends approximately 80% of the film, making exaggerated "all work and no play..."-esque faces.
His zombie-esque, interstellar, slug-infested hometown citizens ring familiar with a sort of INVASION OF THE BODY SNATCHERS theme.
Through all of this, Beowulf can't even wear the oft-lauded boar helmet from the poem, but opts for a Chuck Norris-esque headband instead.
Through all of this, Beowulf can't even wear the oft-lauded boar helmet from the poem, but opts for a Chuck Norris-esque headband instead.
 Through all of this, Beowulf can't even wear the oft-lauded boar helmet from the poem, but opts for a Chuck Norris-esque headband instead.
The setting of the film takes place in a Bukowski-esque world made up of call girls, gambling, horses, and all the anarchy one would expect.
Both of them still being ogres does nothing for the Hollywood-esque society.
 Why would a Tipper Gore-esque character named Mary Spinkle blame a company for something the rapper is responsible for instead of the rapper himself?
That's just the way you say it: Basterds."[8] He stated in an interview that the misspelled title is "a Basquiat-esque touch.
Is there any real concern that people will mistake Tarantino-esque fiction for historical fact?
 This is far more aerobic-esque and dance-ish.
The soundtrack is  fantastic, too - lots of edgy 'braindance' from Warp-esque artists,  available on a great CD.
There's a groovy soundtrack featuring some Warp-esque techno acts, lots of quotable lines, and although the central story is basically Arthur C.
fun.  Chameleon-esque bounty hunters (Flanagan), sexy black widows (Keys and Henson), brute force anarchists (Pine, Durand, and Sterling), mookish bail bondsmen (Affleck), wild cards, and black suits descend on the Nomad on the same fatal day.
**1/2<br /><br />Joe Carnahan`s "Smokin' Aces" is a Tarantino-esque crime drama with a cast of characters almost as extensive  as the one in "War and Peace.
I actually enjoyed the fact that Trinity took on a sort of Shaft-esque vibe, especially in the opening sequence where Blade emerges from the fire and the camera freezes at various points in the action during the credits, very much like what you'd see in a 70's blaxpoitation film.
Smith with a Guy Fawkes mask.  John Hurt is also great, giving a Hitler-esque performance, from everything from his spitting when he talks to his strong bodily movements.
John Hurt plays the leader of the government, a Hitler-esque fascist, but he was largely one-dimensional.
John Hurt does a more than believable job as a Hitler-esque leader, angrily addressing England's people, scaring them into following blindly.
 V for Vendetta is a sci-fi-esque thriller with a connection to today's world.
Aside from the obvious fights with The Lizard that would've been too difficult to stage physically, the parkour-esque running around on walls, the acrobatic flips and mid-air twists, and even the way he slinged his arms and shot his webbing felt a lot more in-tune with the character.
 In the games, Liu Kang was always one of my least favorite characters, due to his overblown Bruce Lee-esque imitation, but this film removes that, preventing him from being annoying.
 Hearing the name Joss Whedon attached to the film, I had visions of Buffy-esque plot twists gone sci-fi.
A year after the couragous mutant team known as the X-Men, there has been a terrorist mutant attack made by Devil-esque mutant named Nightcrawler (Alan Cumming) in the White House.
A year after the couragous mutant team known as the X-Men, there has been a terrorist mutant attack made by Devil-esque mutant named Nightcrawler (Alan Cumming) in the White House.
McGinley). The stage is set, and the movie makes its Easy Rider-esque way through the West.
It's definitely not an upgrade from any previous Rambo installment; it's just the next one. The dialog is very 'Stallone-esque' (lots of cheesy tag lines that sometimes hit and sometimes miss) but tolerable if you keep your expectations realistic being that it's a Stallone movie.
 Furthermore, it seems as though the generally generic Cinderella-esque plot has been tweaked in such a way as to keep the tale entertaining.
I didn't even need a story- I'd watch hours of the luscious Dali-esque landscapes, flowing ethereal fabric, and twisted Kevorkian-esque creations that make up this film.
Wrong!<p>Moreover, while the imagery in the film is visually stunning and, oftentimes, quite beautiful, almost Dali-esque in its conception and execution, it cannot carry and sustain the film, when the plot and story line thin out.
Reality TV show-esque?
Did I just drool? It did feel a bit Terminator-esque at points, but thankfully, it managed to get past that, and turn into an actually alright movie.
I especially got a kick out of Lars, the Yanni-esque boyfriend of Sara (Beckinsale).
I actually enjoyed the fact that Trinity took on a sort of Shaft-esque vibe, especially in the opening sequence where Blade emerges from the fire and the camera freezes at various points in the action during the credits, very much like what you'd see in a 70's blaxpoitation film.
An aggressive fridge with a mind of its own sounds Monty Python-esque when you first hear about it, but trust me, you won't be laughing by the end of the movie.
 The first half of the movie, in which our hero is in a Grand Theft Auto-esque virtual world, looks wonderful.
A Portrait Of A Movie Obsessed Psycho, if you will.  Plus there's an artsy Lynch-esque twist on it.
 The president (a Clinton-esque Bill Bullman) calls upon military services to fight these creatures.
 The president (a Clinton-esque Bill Bullman) calls upon military services to fight these creatures.
Most of the 'Stand By Me'-esque story is done fairly well, considering.
 Dialogue, as always for Scorsese, is great with some of Nicholson's lines being Tarantino-esque.
 This movie tries too hard to be like other movies.  From the beginning long shot with Nicholson voice-over to the Joker-esque facial musings, Matt Damon sounding like he just stepped off the Good Will Hunting set, it was just kind of sad.
 Dialogue, as always for Scorsese, is great with some of Nicholson's lines being Tarantino-esque.
 This movie tries too hard to be like other movies.  From the beginning long shot with Nicholson voice-over to the Joker-esque facial musings, Matt Damon sounding like he just stepped off the Good Will Hunting set, it was just kind of sad.
 Minelli can sing her ass off, there's no disputing that,  and her diva-esque Sally is an interesting interpretation.
 There's something kind of Pee-wee-esque about Treadwell.
 He, like Treadwell, held idealized, Jack London-esque beliefs about life in the Arctic, amid the wildlife.
We get some Hollywood-esque sappiness creeping up on us from time to time, especially concerning the relationship between the writer ( Sebastian Koch ) and the actress ( Martina Gedeck ).
With a lot of Wong Kar-wai-esque angle shots and grainy cinematography, it is also one of the most visually stunning films I've seen in a long time.
 Pino Donaggio's Herrmann-esque music underscores the film's dramatic tension, while many Hitchcockian elements and references surface.
Didn't really make much sense to stupid me. <p>Don't go into this expecting a great, Armageddon-esque film.
And how sad is it that my favorite part and character from the movie was Aro? Probably because he's a proper Rice-esque vampire.
 The comical line "Lois Lane?" that he sputters while brushing his teeth (it had a certain Scooby-esque quality) and the even more comical physical acting he does a little later where he keeps prompting Lois to say a certain name so he can unleash the hounds at her.
In a 1984-esque white-washed future underground dystopia where sexuality is banned, all humans sport shaved heads and the same shapeless outfits as they go about their work in a mandated state of sedation, listening to exhortations to &quot;Buy and Be Happy.
I think both are partially correct; the idea of the Rube Goldberg-esque supernatural death almost certainly came down to Final Destination through the original Omen, but the feel of the deaths here is very twenty-first century.
There's one sequence where a &quot;Godfather&quot;-esque character is upset about a family member's death, tosses up his arms, and the camera literally stays with the group for a minute afterwards as the actors kick dirt around and fidget, apparently anxious for the director to yell &quot;Cut!
I think both are partially correct; the idea of the Rube Goldberg-esque supernatural death almost certainly came down to Final Destination through the original Omen, but the feel of the deaths here is very twenty-first century.
If you like Tim Burtons work, you will appreciate the skewed perspectives, the painted sets, and the Edward Scissorhads-esque "Somnambulist".
With bold, "Pee-Wee's Playhouse"-like doors, Burton-esque buildings, and a dream-like town, director Robert Wiene (along with his set designer and cinematographer) was well beyond the 1900s.
The Peter Max-esque artwork is spectacular fantasy fun, the script is highly amusing, and the Beatles music chosen for the film sounds as good today as when it was new.
The Peter Max-esque artwork is spectacular fantasy fun, the script is highly amusing, and the Beatles music chosen for the film sounds as good today as when it was new.
This motivates Rocky to get back to the ring and make a George Foreman-esque comeback for the ages.
It kicks major butt! Among my favorites are the Tarantino-esque DU HAST video which reminds me of Pulp Fiction, with an awesome shot of a guy on fire walking around in slow motion.
I can't believe I wasted 105 minutes of my life watching it.  I was expecting a Labrynth-esque type show based on reading the cover.
The closing performance of the movie with U2 presents a very U2-esque version of `Tower of song' that could have sounded better if performed live, which is not the case.
I love Lily Tomlin's Disney-esque dream sequence, the one that causes the most problems.
I didn't even mind the &quot;Fantasia&quot; ending, Dr. Reinhardt and Maximillian togther in a &quot;Dante-esque&quot; hell.
She has talent, but unfortunately is stuck with the films lamest lines. People criticize the films 'Matrix-esque' effects and stunts.
 She is an actress whose young son begins uttering Freddy-esque threats as the city is rocked by earthquakes.
Sound levels are inconsistant throughout- a ballet lesson by the Nazi-esque Miss Tanner is very loud, but the famous double murder at the beginning of the film is subdued to the point of losing much of it's impact!
 It's also got some great, Leone-esque staging and camera work, as it drags the scene out as long as dramatically possible, alternating between extreme long-shots and extreme close-ups.
Claudio Simonetti recorded some decent music for this one: some heavy instrumental synth-rock and some pretty, opera-esque music with a slightly creepy edge.
Claudio Simonetti recorded some decent music for this one: some heavy instrumental synth-rock and some pretty, opera-esque music with a slightly creepy edge.
Romance is balanced by crime and some uncivil behavior. There is even a Fellini-esque circus scene.
Stillman's debut, Metropolitan, is his most Allen-esque, right down to the simple opening credits sequence accompanied by jazz music.
There are no showy Edward Albee-esque scenes, no moments of great revelation that draw us closer to the characters, and the result is that we are indifferent to their fate at the end of the film.
Rage or The Last Patient, The public would have loved this `Reanimator-esque' Mad Doctor romp.
There's one sequence where a &quot;Godfather&quot;-esque character is upset about a family member's death, tosses up his arms, and the camera literally stays with the group for a minute afterwards as the actors kick dirt around and fidget, apparently anxious for the director to yell &quot;Cut!
But it doesn't. The film enters an almost DEMOLITION MAN-esque world (which, while a fun movie, isn't exactly the best film to emulate), filled with underground types that can either smuggle you out of the country away from the men and women of The Union (the greedy corporation that manufactures and supplies the artificial organs.
A fine Tyrone Power action picture, with Power at his most George Clooney-esque as a Spanish outlaw who makes his way to the New World as a member of Hernando Cortez's invading army.
It's hardly the likes of Kubrik-esque depth, but it stays with you.
 Like others have said, Oliver Stone was the films flaw.  Had it been Tarantino-esque in it's directing, I think it would have had more appeal, and less of the headache flavor.
 Ed Norton's character, Smoochy, portrays a Barney-esque, over-the-top-nice children's television star.
 The perfect heroine.<br /><br />The way this movie was done, with the dark, gritty, noir-esque settings of Batman and the 'lightness' of the dark comedy from Nicholson's Joker, gives the movie a vitality that all the others have lacked to a certain extent.
Batman Returns has a very creative and &quot;Burton-esque&quot;  visual style, yet it's so unrelentingly dark it can't compare to the first,  and the best.
 Some nice slow-motion, Matrix-esque bullet dodging scenes, and the JCVD kicks are always classic, but there's just too much to truly enjoy.
Rodman's character, a shady special arms dealer, does add some brightness with his 007-esque cadre of tech gadgets.
However, over time I have seen the movie repeatedly & despite my initial feeling of it being done too hippy-esque I have come appreciate it for the fine film that it truly is.
I have never seen a film that can juggle Python-esque humor and Gladiator-esque emotion so well - nor have I seen a film that has even attempted it, let alone met with success!
I have never seen a film that can juggle Python-esque humor and Gladiator-esque emotion so well - nor have I seen a film that has even attempted it, let alone met with success!
 Be that as it may, I do have to say that "Tron: Legacy" doesn't do Matrix-esque things as well as "The Matrix" did them, particularly in regard to the periodic philosophical tangents.
It is a nice tribute to the eighties- John Carpenter would be proud. We have the classic Carpenter-esque synth, the epic Hans Zimmer feel, and overall, it is pure ear candy and perfection.
 The movie, as someone mentioned, AS USUAL, was "Hollywood-esqued" but still has a wonderful surprise ending.
 The other actors have strong, Monty Python-esque performances, particularly in their voices.
From the synth/electro soundtrack to the medically accurate plot, from the documentary-esque cinematography to the governmental reaction - he developed a vastly updated story for our times.
 But it's barely touched upon here, instead allowing Law's ridiculous Tintin-esque cub scout to chase senior doctors around, bleating tructulantly in a silly accent.
 Typical Peckinpah.  Powerful, nonetheless.  And Jerry Fielding wrote a brilliant, Stravinsky-esque musical score.
aboutt Schmidt is about the average joe, as average as you can get. After a lifetime of passionate Hollywood-esque characters under Nicholson's sleeve, some may say his performance is not engaging--- quite the contrary.
 There are many black & white photos with blood splatter-esque color marks spread throughout.
It's not bad, it's just okay.<br />Military intrigue, secret missions, mind-controlling, psychic hippy-esque<br />zen jedi super-warriors who can drop goats, burst apart clouds, pass through walls,<br />travel the world (telepathically) while lying in their beds or on the sofa,<br />and can even stun lowly hamsters in a single prolonged gaze!
While some dramatic license was taken with the storyline, &quot;Joseph&quot; thankfully eschews Disney-esque asides, superflous fantasy characters or expanded romantic angles (Joseph's love and marriage to Asenath is simply part of the story).
It's not bad, it's just okay.<br />Military intrigue, secret missions, mind-controlling, psychic hippy-esque<br />zen jedi super-warriors who can drop goats, burst apart clouds, pass through walls,<br />travel the world (telepathically) while lying in their beds or on the sofa,<br />and can even stun lowly hamsters in a single prolonged gaze!
 The president (a Clinton-esque Bill Bullman) calls upon military services to fight these creatures.
 The president (a Clinton-esque Bill Bullman) calls upon military services to fight these creatures.
 Some nice slow-motion, Matrix-esque bullet dodging scenes, and the JCVD kicks are always classic, but there's just too much to truly enjoy.
Rodman's character, a shady special arms dealer, does add some brightness with his 007-esque cadre of tech gadgets.
 There are  chain swords and hedge trimmer weapons, a huge steampunk-esque outpost, and  guys with armour reminicient of robocop.
 Don't let that keep you away.  The film moves quickly, is exciting and has a decent score(a very Goblin-esque score from Fabio Frizzi).
 OR, every time Feldman has another Michael Jackson-esque wardrobe change!
 Elisha Cuthbert is ethereal, with a Marilyn Monroe-esque appeal.
However, even if Pee Wee Herman-esque humor isn't your cup of tea, the movie does have a strong message about the strength of family, another message about honesty, another one about how kids can make a difference, and the movie has one of the best Latin American casts of all time.
I liked this movie! Its one of the painfully awkward Napoleon Dynamite-esque ones.
 Many scenes and locales vary and shift, and screenplay writer Susan Shilliday invents some L'Engle-esque touches of her own (flower storms, glow worms, ect.
Kathleen Turner grabs you from the second she is on screen her Jane Mansfield-esque frame is sheathed in a white dress and her husky yet alluring voice and all out jaguar on the prowl apppeal has never been equalled by any actress in this genre since!
 This is just a cleverly written, simply wonderful Agatha Christie-esque thriller with the added bonus of a very 70s kitsch factor - do not let yourself miss "The Last of Sheila"!
Turns out, it's a really good movie. Very dark Twilight Zone-esque sort of plot with mind bending twists and turns that are sure to leave you asking questions.
 Kinski is suitably virgin-esque and McDowell suitably slimy.
Her eyebrow were that exquisite Madonna-esque thickness, her lips in a permanent state of partial openness with full-on pout, her hair cut to that boyish cute, and her shoulder pads speaking volumes about her feminine authority.
He's quite good in an English-speaking role; it's a shame he & Hollywood just weren't into each other. His Dali-esque drunken blackout scene is really trippy.
 To my delight, it was very thrilling and Hitchcock-esque in nature.
But there's a decent amount of Adam Sandler-esque slapstick comedy bits to be entertaining.
 He took a smart comic premise and peppered in some solid doses of Sam Raimi-esque gore.
A Bakshi-esque flashback to one of pivotal events of the 60's.
Getting back to the directionality, though, I really like the overall sound design and the comic book-esque effects they created.
 While it is emotional to watch the love story unfold, the eye-candy battle sequences, and the picture-esque view of Scotland, there seemed to be a lacking "meat" to this story.
 There's love at first sight, a giant monster attack, protagonist Takeru tranforming into a Devilman-esque protector and all that jazz; but we also get the first clue that maybe cute alien girl -dubbed Hikari (meaning "light")- isn't what she appears to be.
 Well, first of all, the main (kinda') character...a gothic, dark, strange, quiet, "Vampire Hunter D"-esque character named "Darkside".
 The conflict is room temperature at best.<p> I think they were hoping for a Firm-esque thing here, one got that feeling from the previews.
A particularly pleasing set is Caleb's bachelor pad-esque room, furnished to the nines beyond what any kid could afford.
There's even one very weird, Doppleganger-esque scene, which I really didn't get at all.
 The first story is about a cigar store wooden Indian that comes to life for some Charles Bronson-esque revenge when some hoodlums rob the general store and kill the owner, played by George Kennedy("Be sure.
Instead I was disappointed to find an Indianna Jones-esque adventure.
In the book, there's a fierce dog that bites people's fingers off if they try to leave. Very Burton-esque.
It's not your typical creepy, trippy Tim Burton movie. It's carnival-esque, colorful, funny, and well-written.
Rather, you long for more of his father's adventures, which are full of unexpected people, Burton-esque places and understated intelligence.
 Her mother, Christine, in all her Donna Reed-esque perfection  feels something is amiss and explores her own psyche to find the answers to her uneasy feelings.
The street sounds disappear and the only thing you hear is a repetitive, painfully sweet, tango-esque tune that saturates your imagination every time you think of her, every time you see her, every time she walks up and down that long and narrow flight of stone steps.
 There has been much talk of the frozen bodies still on Everest.  You will not find them in this Disney-esque feature.
The concept of the film itself is genius and has an H.P. Lovecraft-esque feel to it, the performances are just outstanding and the special effects still hold up in this digital age.
 T.K. Carter and a list of other cameo-esque bit parts bring it home.
 Some nice slow-motion, Matrix-esque bullet dodging scenes, and the JCVD kicks are always classic, but there's just too much to truly enjoy.
Rodman's character, a shady special arms dealer, does add some brightness with his 007-esque cadre of tech gadgets.
The concept of the film itself is genius and has an H.P. Lovecraft-esque feel to it, the performances are just outstanding and the special effects still hold up in this digital age.
 This is not the shoddy Ted Turner-esque colorization of the 1980s, and the advance of technology in the interim decades certainly shows in a positive way.
Lector look like a Sesame Street character. Bale's cold, charismatic, misogynist turn is riveting. His James Bondian-esque face changes to the devilish mask with the reptilian eyes so rapidly, that your blood would freeze.
Whereas Travis Bickle (DeNiro) had an almost innocent, Holden Caulfield-esque outlook on life and the drive to be a heroic figure that saves the world, Patrick Bateman sees the world as an extension of his "greed and disgust".
 T.K. Carter and a list of other cameo-esque bit parts bring it home.
Re: The Corinth Version<br /><br />Upon beginning Welles' epic Inception-esque neo-noir of a power-hungry man using the dredges of the world as his puppets, the average cinemaphile may become disillusioned.
It has a lot of sorround effects specially in the beggining with the  'Matrix'-esque "girl with bomb explodes" sequence.
It works  well - location footage in Scotland and lots and lots of smoke give the  production an 'Exclaibur'-esque look of grim and gritty reality, and this  is what sticks in the mind after the film is over.
Very Tarantino-esque, but Duffy leaves Tarantino for dead.
I was more or less expecting a Tarantino-esque crime movie with some wierdass characters and lots of cursing, which is more or less what I got.
I would've preferred either a longer film with a more fleshed out progression of events, or a more Tarantino/Scorcese-esque approach giving the actors more time to indulge us with their characters peculiarities.
To start, Boondock Saints is blatently inspired by the Tarentino-esque style that has seemed to become popular among the indie crowd lately.
Boondock Saints is an odd movie, know that going in.  It has some Tarantino-esque violence and surreal humor.
In a Skywalker-esque plot twist at the end, the three team up to execute a mobster as he pleads innocent in the courtroom.
 And I'll take a good Tarantino-esque vibe anyday.
 The "Dutch" guy appears out of nowhere, and he's made out to be some sort of super-killer, Hannible Lector-esque character but the only thing really said about him was something like "they only use him when things get really bad.
I felt bored. Maybe it was the woman's voice, which was very monotone-esque.
 There are plie-style marches, varations on spine rolls, and a 1950's pony-esque march that I find just incredibly fun.
Plus, he had a really dodgy Steven Segal-esque ponytail.
Disney's quality of films have been diminishing greatly, ever since they lost there &quot;Musical-esque&quot; style after THe Hunchback of Notredame.
 They were under some tremdous pressure to do the film I understand.  When it comes to crude, John Waters-esque humor, I usually find it more amusing than I do funny.
Gilda gets wilder to test the limits of this bodyguard and pushes him to the brink. She performs a Latin-esque song/dance number "Amado Mio" that spells out her feelings.
to be fair, they were plagued by waterworld-esque weather and location problems, and at $200 million, you really just need to get the picture finished, because hey, no one's really happy that it cost that much in the first place.
This movie contains a bit of everything: Coen-esque directing, which is always a pro, a witty screenplay, funny storyline, very well casted, etc.
Strangelove-esque.
 GITS has spawned a Blade Runner-esque <a href="http://www.
 The excellent battle scenes and cool philip dick-esque plot make this purchase a must for those wanting any anime.
The music shifts to a Sousa-esque brass band version of the tune as the camera shifts to a huge gunboat rumbling along in Grant's wake.
it's a crazy comedy that reaches for Adam Sandler-esque heights (think "Little Nicky" lite).
This movie is, in fact, hilarious. It's a pleasant blend of Anchorman-esque humor and Super Bad style punchy jokes.
The Illusionist is a classic tale of love and magic with a Hitchcock-esque twist.
She makes a vague, almost Charlie Chan-esque statement, that the murderer is in the room, then disappears without divulging the name.
 Lastly, Liotta's soft-spoken Jack befriends Rose-Johnny, and in doing so sets the stage for a Magnolia-esque plot-switching film that is quite compelling and interesting to follow.
In the film, "reality" is shown via shaky handheld digital Dogma-esque camerawork, but the "fantasy" sequences use a color palette that makes them appear even more real than the "real" scenes.
 The comical line "Lois Lane?" that he sputters while brushing his teeth (it had a certain Scooby-esque quality) and the even more comical physical acting he does a little later where he keeps prompting Lois to say a certain name so he can unleash the hounds at her.
Next up is the Spectre, which takes a different tone with a creepy film noir-esque vibe.
 Madonna plays a scheming, Betty Davis-esque golddigger (surprise) who destroys men by oversexing them with her body!
Anyway, having said that, if you are expecting a "Ghost in the Shell/Ninja Srcoll/Basalisk"-esque plot then prepare to be disappointed.
The final episode in the set is the adorbale Disney-esque episode "The Starchild" in which two races of people fight over the cutody of an adorable but very powerful young girl.
John Constanstine". It's a mix of H.P. Lovecraft-esque horror, fantasy and action combined with some dazzling special effects and an intriguing story, the main character is quite a complex and tragic hero that shows us the way to hell and heaven in this movie.
 What's the point?  Every time civilization is engulfed in some sort of cannibalistic, zombie-esque plague many questions get begged and then I fail to enjoy the movie.
Where Smith usually shines, in his predictable hero-esque roles, he fails here--as a scientist who experiment goes wrong.
 I'm glad the directors took a different approach to the Twilight Zone-esque themes of vampires that the original book took.
There's so many references to 80s films, that I lost count. There's also an AMAZING Ray Harryhausen-esque fight towards the end of the film (that's all I'm saying about that scene.
Watch as Maxx and his friends fight hordes of freaky ass, hyper-twitchy, blue, Romero-esque zombies (think House on Haunted Hill twitchy).
Kathleen Turner grabs you from the second she is on screen her Jane Mansfield-esque frame is sheathed in a white dress and her husky yet alluring voice and all out jaguar on the prowl apppeal has never been equalled by any actress in this genre since!
A group of teenagers happen upon an island inhabited by Katherine Victor as the sociopathic, Vampira-esque mad scientist "Doctor Myrna"; and her zombie horde.
Albeit James Bond-esque, this movie hinges upon everyone fulfilling their role flawlessly and not one of their high-tech gadgets ever failing.
A great little gem of a movie, part documentary, part loony Coen Bros-esque black comedy.
Considering the Columbine type content, I'm surprised it hasn't been banned. It's an 80's shocker, kind of Fight Club-esque.
After Veronica begins to despise her supposed friends, she meets up with Jason Dean, played by the young "Jack Nicholson-esque" Christian Slater, whom helps to escalate this hatred for the Heathers (and some others.
 Using the woodpecker as a morse code-esque symbol was a beautiful touch.
As a huge fan of 2001: A Space Odyssey, the 80's aesthetic, analog synthesizers, 60's cults, drugs, Cronenberg-esque villians, and dated depictions of the future, this film is a complete home run for me.
These thugs end up destroying everything but their target, which is a bit Golgo 13-esque, only handled more humorously.
 The first was a horrible attempt at a "Saw-esque" slasher flick.
&quot;Evil Dead&quot; is indeed without question, the BEST zombie-esque movie since &quot;Night Of The Living Dead&quot;, and is a non-stop thrill ride at every turn!
 Neither is it merely the postmodern fantasy of a director of the surreal.<p>Artificial Intelligence is a Siddartha-esque journey film, a story of a quest for identity and the meaning of life, and to a lesser degree, the documentary of some of the more important symbols of our cultural understanding of those questions.
 A very thought provoking, very dark, Kubrick-esque movie, and I commend Spielberg for pulling it off.
For somebody that knows nothing about Tintin, this is an Indiana Jones-esque story that is fun and action packed.
the World) and Joe Cornish (Attack the Block). It opens with a Saul Bass-esque sequence which is so full of energy and charm that I knew I was in for something special.
Based on a short story by Philip K. Dick, this isn't at all the Bourne-esque action-thriller the trailers led me to believe it would be.
The striking visual effects and unrealistic video-game-esque scenes were artistically and purposefully done.
 I have the soundtrack and I'm a huge fan of the cabaret-esque version of Love is the Drug co-performed by the always stunning Carla Gugino.
Even the slapstick style humor was weak; almost Benny Hill-esque.
 Halfway through, the character drama deteriorates into a wrestling movie, complete with a ridiculous Rocky-esque final championship match!
The film almost takes a Capra-esque turn but writers Hanks and Nia Vardalos (<a href="http://www.
I think it works better this way. It's less GG Allin-esque.
It's a glossy soap opera-esque thriller drama that isn't very special, but still is worth watching.
a task easier said then done. The story for The Ladykillers, as Cohen Brothers-esque as it may be, is too outlandish even for them.
 Westerns are supposed to be either John Wayne-esque fantasies or gritty realistic dramas.
 He has zero, and I mean no chemistry with the barbie-esque Christie, who only needs a gingham dress to remind me of one of the gals from Petticoat Junction.
Miss Kitty's song numbers (oh yes, she performs, too) are a bit much in their Dietrich-esque sultriness.
Though the movie ends with a more Spielberg-esque ending than the book, the conclusion still left me in tears.
They hold battle of the sexes crossword puzzle contests!)  The football game had a Kennedy-esque quality to it, and the family aerobics scene felt especially contrived.
However, even if Pee Wee Herman-esque humor isn't your cup of tea, the movie does have a strong message about the strength of family, another message about honesty, another one about how kids can make a difference, and the movie has one of the best Latin American casts of all time.
Sleek cars, stuffy old men, and a Madonna-esque, high spirited girl are the ingredients of this 1980's comedy that has since reached cult status deservingly.
You've got an all star cast and a John Hughes-esque direction that can't be beat.
 He soon abondons his Kafka-esque existence and stops going to work, dumps his nagging b**tch of a girlfriend, and gets the courage to ask out a disgruntled waitress (Aniston).
 He soon abondons his Kafka-esque existence and stops going to work, dumps his nagging b**tch of a girlfriend, and gets the courage to ask out a disgruntled waitress (Aniston).
Featuring a cast of awesome wushu practitioners, this is a gem in the Jet Li line-up. And the Tai Chi-esque performance done at the end makes this a fun lineup.
Though there is a love interest for Molly as well, a Morrissey-esque rock singer (Jesse Spencer) she meets at her birthday party, I wouldn't call this a romantic comedy either, as this fellow isn't the main focus of the film, and their relationship isn't exactly conventional.
a task easier said then done. The story for The Ladykillers, as Cohen Brothers-esque as it may be, is too outlandish even for them.
 Neeson is very convincing as a calm, collected, demolition man who knows all sorts of random, McGuyver-esque tricks and barely breaks a sweat as he chases cars on foot, takes out a dozen guys in a minute, and breaks all manners of bones and heads, while wrecking parts of Paris, to track down his daughter.
The Bottom Line:<br /><br />Though the ending feels somewhat Twilight Zone-esque and doesn't measure up to the rest of the screenplay, this is by and large an exceptionally well-written and acted movie that hurtles through its 138 minute running length and hardly feels a bit dated.
 The same can be said for the cardboard-esque representation that we witnessed from Maud Adams.
Let's start (and maybe finish) with my first complaint. What's with that sappy, cigar addled Jimney Cricket-esque, nostalgia-obsessed - cliched beyond belief - narration that accompanies black and white shots from the past as boringly as any car commercial?
Jamal soon learns that the old man is William Forrester, a J.D. Salinger-esque novelist who wrote one widely acclaimed novel (think "Catcher In The Rye") and then disappeared from public view.
 He's perfect as the boozing J.D. Salinger-esque recluse, a man who can dominate a room by just raising one of his disheveled eyebrows.
We were amused by the sheer Lifetime movie-esque feeling to this film, but it's definitely nowhere in the league of It's a Wonderful Life as a Christmas staple.
 GITS has spawned a Blade Runner-esque <a href="http://www.
 The excellent battle scenes and cool philip dick-esque plot make this purchase a must for those wanting any anime.
After megadoses of Terminator-esque computerized special effects, I love a good low budget flick where the film makers make the most with what they have.
 I'm not going to whine about how the end just didn't tie it all in together. I'm not going to complain about the MTV-esque version of &quot;Wise Up&quot; in the middle of the film.
 Because I knew of the multiple storylines, i expected something tarantino-esque with something that tied together neatly.
 I even enjoyed the Kyle MacLachlan-esque style of Andras Jones - then there was Ted Raimi, whom didn't almost fit within this film, but still made it fun to see him sweat.
While Marlon does as much as he can (despite some CW-esque jokes thrown in there), his character isn't that memorable and leaves the movie like that with no reason why.
 These eyeborgs range from the Q-bert-esque two-legged walking cameras to human-sized crab walkers with multiple legs and a single eye.
This is a very cool Nightmare On Elm Street-esque horror flick that does everything right.
The Prime Gig, directed by Gregory Mosher and written by Bill Wheeler, is good stuff. A sort of Mamet-esque tale of telemarketing and betrayal.
 Leslie Nielsen plays the President in typical Airplane-esque fashion.
Period.) The "Alien-esque" spawns of the beast were also very well done (one of the characters meets a horrible fate due to one of them.
 This film is basically a civilian's account of a Godzila-esque attack and it works on that level.
It uses a mockumentary-esque feel to it and makes you feel like your part of the movie too with it's DV camera filmmaking and good performances by the cast.
 The only drawback was the collection of slacker, twentysomething, dude-esque nincompoops running around in front of the camera.
Forget &quot;Dances with Wolves.&quot;  Kevin Costner outdoes himself as an actor in this superb Capra-esque movie that is filled with magic rarely seen onscreen.
Smith with a Guy Fawkes mask.  John Hurt is also great, giving a Hitler-esque performance, from everything from his spitting when he talks to his strong bodily movements.
John Hurt plays the leader of the government, a Hitler-esque fascist, but he was largely one-dimensional.
John Hurt does a more than believable job as a Hitler-esque leader, angrily addressing England's people, scaring them into following blindly.
 V for Vendetta is a sci-fi-esque thriller with a connection to today's world.
 In a Hemingway-esque turn, they all die in one way or another for a stupid wooden bridge.
First, the exact DVD contents:<br /><br />Music videos, each preceded with a short documentary-esque intro:<br /><br />01.
Just in case anyone misses the point, there's a psuedo-Jan Hammer-esque rock insturmental playing during the scene where Kirk &amp; Co.
 Combine that with Diablo Cody's Juno-esque dialogue and surprisingly good turns by Fox and Seyfried, and Jennifer's Body ends up being surprisingly enjoyable.
Combine that with Diablo Cody's Juno-esque dialogue and surprisingly good turns by Fox and Seyfried, and Jennifer's Body ends up being surprisingly enjoyable.
One other cast member of note would be James Woods ("Hercules") who plays a Don King-esque promoter (complete with wild, stand-up straight hair) for the competition.
One other cast member of note would be James Woods ("Hercules") who plays a Don King-esque promoter (complete with wild, stand-up straight hair) for the competition.
If you are looking for another Twilight-esque vampire film, look elsewhere.
"T2" immediately does away with the Del James-esque poetics of the first film and goes for pure commercialism.
Smith with a Guy Fawkes mask.  John Hurt is also great, giving a Hitler-esque performance, from everything from his spitting when he talks to his strong bodily movements.
John Hurt plays the leader of the government, a Hitler-esque fascist, but he was largely one-dimensional.
John Hurt does a more than believable job as a Hitler-esque leader, angrily addressing England's people, scaring them into following blindly.
 V for Vendetta is a sci-fi-esque thriller with a connection to today's world.
But there's a decent amount of Adam Sandler-esque slapstick comedy bits to be entertaining.
This sub-plot portrayed Dr. No as a poor Frankenstein-esque creature that was just a product of his horrible experiences and mistreatment by a world that rejected him.
This sub-plot portrayed Dr. No, as a poor Frankenstein-esque creature that was just a product of his horrible experiences, and mistreatment by a world that rejected him.
Alas, Roger became too old and went.<br />Dalton brought another Bond, more fleming-esque.
a stately mansion/castle w/ intensely loyal servants and a cavalcade of one-of-a-kind gizmos and James-Bond-esque weapons and gadgets, not to mention a garage full of Jaguars, Porsches and BMW's.
 Stereotypes roll out in Zappa-esque, tongue-in-cheek scene after scene.
It's also a good movie to watch and relax to late at night. It's along the lines of a Shyamalon-esque thriller/suspense film and I find that it always delivers when i watch it.
<p>Despite all these flaws, I really enjoyed this movie. The story is fascinating and moving, and The Sixth Sense-esque approach to depict Nash's schizophrenia from his point of view worked very well.
 A Clerks-esque dialog coupled with solid acting and direction makes &quot;All Saints Day&quot; at the very least a must-rent, and for most of us; a must-buy to have for our personal collections.
 Pino Donaggio's Herrmann-esque music underscores the film's dramatic tension, while many Hitchcockian elements and references surface.
 They go from casual aquaintences to friends, then, thinking this is going to turn into a Fatal Attraction-esque movie, he decides to have a tryst with Aniston in a sleazy hotel room.
 However, although they do the best they can, there is no saving this banal, movie of the week-esque movie.
 The first was a horrible attempt at a "Saw-esque" slasher flick.
 Plus, no matter what genre of film you can think of, from Hammer House-style horror to Memento-esque twisted thrillers, you can bet that Brendon, Jason and Mellissa can cobble the props and costumes together from household products and lawn gnomes and film it for your viewing pleasure.
A very funny Byrne-esque prophecy.
 Byrne himself, a non-actor, adopts the affectless Warhol-esque pose that often served him well in interviews.
Guess which one Farina comes from?<br /><br />That this movie isn't all laughs lends to the Allen-esque feel and makes it more endearing.
 I found this film to be very amusing.  At the same time, it has a distinct Woody Allen-esque feel that was somewhat wasted on the material.
 This is a simple Willy Wonka-esque story, 90 minutes of enchanting entertainment without hype or preachiness.
And all the students at the school are wearing nazi-esque patches that are to protest the Nuclear  Power Plant that is to be built.
However, what blew me away the most wasn't the fullness of the blockbuster-esque sound effects, but the subtlety of the dynamics and all the little noises.
...ok, well maybe not James Bond, but close enough. <p>In this movie, we get to see a James Bond-esque character played by Pierce Brosnan screw up a tailor in Panama's life.
One of the finest ways that this is captured is the poetic and ballet-esque motion of the battle sequences.
There were hints of Braveheart-esque traits but sadly this film, while excellent in its own right, falls short.
 That's 100% good with me so right away I was expecting a Kubrick-esque film.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
 It made the penguin seem even more bizarre, because all he listened to was this elevator-esque organ music oozing out of the radio.
It makes NIGHT WATCH, the first of this two-part series, almost Disney-esque.
It's a very Cronenberg-esque thriller with plenty of good stuff for everyone especially horror/Sci-fi fanatics and special effects junkies.
Unlike the so-so comic book-esque TOMBSTONE, WYATT EARP tells the real story and takes its time doing so.
 This duo evidently wanted to capture a somber Louis L'Amour-esque look on-screen (the costuming is a dead giveaway), as their tragic interpretation of Earp's life story often resembles an Old West version of "The Godfather," replacing mobsters with frontier cops.
 Returning to Missouri to study law under his grandfather (Giorgio E. Tripoli), a judge, he revives a Dante-esque romance with Urilla Sutherland (Annabeth Gish), marries her, loses her to typhoid within a year, and goes on a nine-month drunk that ends when he steals a horse and is bailed out by his father.
Wayne's Bligh-like Dunson and Clift's Fletcher Christian-esque Garth are terrific characters in large part because the leisurely pace of the film gives them time to grow and change, gives us the audience a real feel that weeks have passed and that Dunson's growing madness - and Garth's growing sense of authority - aren't just sudden movie plot devices, but real changes in personality brought into place through real conditions.
When the main character receives a laptop for her birthday, she goes against her mothers wishes and joins a Facebook-esque website.
As Reggie, Shavar Ross also adds a welcome spot of cultural diversity to the cast, although his character's Prince-esque brother Demon (Miguel A.
 This film suffered from being a derivative, watered  down, pseudo-Tarantino-esque knock off.
Oddly missing from the commentary: George Steinbrenner. It's so well-made, and with the Gladiator-esque music pumping through the background, it makes you appreciate the building and the history and the team even more.
A second rate villian turns out to be a first rate adoptive father even though he<br />lives in an "Addams-esque" home filled with bombs, rocket and Minons that look like<br />snack food.
Here we have a teen-aged Goku that is forced into the Hollywood-esque cookie cutter of powerful teenage boy that lacks self-confidence and must deal with bullies in High-school, albeit in a slightly different way than we're used to.
Did we really need more Transformer-esque morphing vehicles with their heavily angular design?
Goku is insecure and a bit of a weiner.<br />32. The action was very un-Dragonball-esque.
Some seem to find this grating, but I'm a major fan of this technique. Slow motion lends a battle that classic Peckinpah-esque gritty brutality, and it's used to spectacular effect in "Watchmen".
Manhattan (Billy Crudup) who is a god-like Superman-esque blue skinned being with unique powers, sexy Silk Spectre (Malin Akerman) and very smart and brilliant crimefighter NightOwl (Patrick Wilson) all join together to try to solve the mystery of the Comedian's death.
Manhattan is the god-like power; Rorschach is the Batman-esque thirst to avenge crime; Night Owl II is a bored rich kid; Silk Spectre II is obliged, etc.
The few moments that were supposed to be funny, weren't. A Jerry Springer-esque talk show moment made it that much worse.
Manhattan (Billy Crudup) who is a Superman-esque immortal god of powers, blank masked avenger Roschach (Jackie Earl Haley), sexy buttkicker Silk Spectre (Malin Akerman) and intelligent Batman-esque Nightowl (Patrick Wilson) are together trying to untangle the mystery of who killed Comedian.
Im guessing he wrote this is 30 mins for a quick buck. the plot isnt evening worth being described as B movie-esque or mocking or a throw back to.
Don't let the mild mannered Beatles' album-esque cover of this movie fool you.
 It is not Disney-esque.
 Even though you hate the film itself, for being too Disney-esque.
 The acting is goofy, the special effects are &quot;Clash of the Titans&quot;-esque, and Ash seems to get his shotgun out of nowhere after coming out of the pit; but, you love it anyway cause its funny and good for a viewing at anytime of the day or night.
 To show off contemporary versions (circa 1990) of Ray Harryhausen-esque stop-motion techniques:<p>The special effects, while dated in the face of CGI prodigiousness, are enormous and spectacular.
The color and clarity are amazing, and it's a great nature-esque documentary with beautiful shots.
The color and clarity are amazing, and it's a great nature-esque documentary with beautiful shots.
A unique Twilight Zone-esque tale with fine performances and creepy moments.
Also noteworthy for its sprawl and ensemble work, both of which are Altman-esque.
This was very Altman-esque, with lots of activity and talk at once making the subtitles difficult to follow.
Cars 2 just feels very flat emotionally, and loaded with Michael Bay-esque pyrotechnics to compensate.
A second rate villian turns out to be a first rate adoptive father even though he<br />lives in an "Addams-esque" home filled with bombs, rocket and Minons that look like<br />snack food.
It has a lot of sorround effects specially in the beggining with the  'Matrix'-esque "girl with bomb explodes" sequence.
Add some bizarre Monty Python-esque moments, copious nudity and implied sex, and a strange narration by a superfluous character--and this movie completely baffled me.
Splendidly combining live-animal action with Jim Henson-esque animatronics, Noonan's irresistible "Babe" is a story about flouting convention and realizing one's potential.
Igby Goes Down is a miserable, Catcher in the Rye-esque piece of crap.
 This after his picture-esque Norman Rockwell-type family is uprooted by the kidnapping of his nine-year-old daughter.
Throw in a disgruntled Jabba-esque Scotsman who knows just the wrong things to say, and a few especially nasty gross-out moments (Austin drinking an ersatz cup o&#8217; joe, and the infamous tent scene), and you have a little something for everybody!
 What's the point?  Every time civilization is engulfed in some sort of cannibalistic, zombie-esque plague many questions get begged and then I fail to enjoy the movie.
Where Smith usually shines, in his predictable hero-esque roles, he fails here--as a scientist who experiment goes wrong.
 I'm glad the directors took a different approach to the Twilight Zone-esque themes of vampires that the original book took.
 For those of you looking for a cool Evil Dead 2-esque take on the slasher genre, you will be extremely disappointed with this hack job of a film.
Well, maybe not Sonar--his ability to hear is Radar-esque, but his humanity is refreshing.
the voice of the prosecutor is done by John Vernon, the actor who portrayed Dean Wormer in Animal House), the EC-esque B-17 (aka Gremlins, which went through so many script revisions, it's a miracle it got finished at all), the bizarrely hilarious So Beautiful And So Dangerous (ok, maybe there's some truth to the juvenilia charges during this segment, but only a corpse could keep from laughing at this piece), and revenge scenario of Taarna (imagine a tougher, sexier version of Xena, only about a decade and a half earlier).
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00007KGCW">Finding Nemo</a>). He even has a Nemo-esque physical disability: he can't fly.
The 2nd nightclub scene and the Bond-esque gadget scene brought a smile to me :)<p>- There are 2 commentaries, and I've only seen the one with Snipes and Del Toro, and it proved forgettable.
Personally, that's my favourite part of the film; an almost storybook-esque sequence and still so breathtakingly fluid and full of life, living Po's dream of his possible life as a warrior.
As for the film itself - by now, everyone knows that it's a Campbell-esque &quot;hero's journey&quot; dressed up as a gothic horror/suspense yarn.
Just in case anyone misses the point, there's a psuedo-Jan Hammer-esque rock insturmental playing during the scene where Kirk &amp; Co.
to be fair, they were plagued by waterworld-esque weather and location problems, and at $200 million, you really just need to get the picture finished, because hey, no one's really happy that it cost that much in the first place.
<p>Despite all these flaws, I really enjoyed this movie. The story is fascinating and moving, and The Sixth Sense-esque approach to depict Nash's schizophrenia from his point of view worked very well.
But it doesn't. The film enters an almost DEMOLITION MAN-esque world (which, while a fun movie, isn't exactly the best film to emulate), filled with underground types that can either smuggle you out of the country away from the men and women of The Union (the greedy corporation that manufactures and supplies the artificial organs.
It's not surprising that Kronos reminds one a bit of a Tarantino film at times. This Spaghetti Western-esque vampire flick is actually a fave of the American director and many other filmmakers today.
 They go from casual aquaintences to friends, then, thinking this is going to turn into a Fatal Attraction-esque movie, he decides to have a tryst with Aniston in a sleazy hotel room.
 And yet he went with an off-the-wall sci-fi theme that Lucas struggles to make Indy-esque.
David Lynch's take on Dune is nothing short of pretty darn good. It definitely gets weird (a.k.a. David Lynch-esque) in places, but overall the feel and tone of the movie are wonderful.
 Elisha Cuthbert is ethereal, with a Marilyn Monroe-esque appeal.
In the Italian horror films I've seen I'm typically treated to either a Goblin soundtrack, or a Goblin-esque soundtrack.
Lovecraft-esque  Italian supernatural horror thriller from Lucio Fulci is one of his greatest and coolest movies ever.
 If not for the oozing originality and Bava-esque cinematography, or the quite attractive (can't believe nobody has yet mentioned the "bathtub nipple" sequence) Cheryl Smith (who sho'nuff don't look like no 13 year old!
And it doesn`t end there. Then the movie becomes very Tarintino-esque, and from there, a bit of western style violence (ie: Desperado).
McQuarrie is clearly a movie junkie.  This is evident by his Peckinpah-esque story arc and settings and his pair of anti-heroes; the John Woo-esque excessive gunplay, the subsequent and frequent showers of bullets, and the limitless supply of people to kill, and guns to kill them with; and the Quentin Tarantino-esque self-conscious subversion of the genre.
Gone are the chatty hitmen and pop culture references that make movies truly &quot;Tarantino-esque,&quot; and make rip-offs of &quot;Dogs&quot; like &quot;Truth And Consequences, N.
As for the human cast, Brendan Fraser, here a hapless stunt man whose dad just happens to be a 007-esque spy star both in character and for real (played broadly, if briefly, by ex-Bond Timothy Dalton), is a little bland, and the normally witty Jenna Elfman is mostly eye candy as the studio exec.
 This is not the shoddy Ted Turner-esque colorization of the 1980s, and the advance of technology in the interim decades certainly shows in a positive way.
This particular movie is not Harry Potter. It is Harry Potter-esque.
Harry is a suitably stroppy teenager, in fact really stroppy, and the whole plot seems to be fairly "woe is me"-esque.
 This after his picture-esque Norman Rockwell-type family is uprooted by the kidnapping of his nine-year-old daughter.
Some good Lawrence-esque scenes here & there but,generally,the film lacks real soul & drags out too much.
Some good Lawrence-esque scenes here & there but,generally,the film lacks real soul & drags out too much.
 The events of Dark of the Moon cause Optimus to move away from the Superman-esque leader of the original film and into the realm of a vengeful anti-hero.
Yes, it's campy, but I think that's the point. It's "Napoleon Dynamite"-esque, so if you didn't like ND, chances are AoP is not for you.
 For those of you looking for a cool Evil Dead 2-esque take on the slasher genre, you will be extremely disappointed with this hack job of a film.
In the book, there's a fierce dog that bites people's fingers off if they try to leave. Very Burton-esque.
It's not your typical creepy, trippy Tim Burton movie. It's carnival-esque, colorful, funny, and well-written.
Rather, you long for more of his father's adventures, which are full of unexpected people, Burton-esque places and understated intelligence.
He TOTALLY makes this movie. In his Boris Karloff-esque performance he is completely hysterical and left me in stitches laughing throughout the entire movie.
Perhaps Ken and Barbie threatened to sue. Anyway, as the group bangs out one of its Ramones-esque tunes on stage one fact becomes glaringly obvious.
 There is no doubt that Edward Yang has a great eye and his films do exhibit an Antonioni-esque style when it comes to presentation.
Not to mention, there is a huge terminator-esque bio-weapon running around.
Her super solider-esque, Matrix-like fighting techniques was a treat to watch.
The only way this would have been more offensive and cliched is if they had some Vaudeville-esque performer in blackface tap-dancing and eating watermelon throughout the film.
And it wouldn't be a Star Wars-esque movie if it didn't have its comic relief, this time it comes in the guise of hapless wizard, Ergo.
 <p>It's a great ride, too, with very Matrix-esque action sequences that pull you along at great speed, catapulting you into this "underground" world.
Do not be led astray by the excellently edited theatrical preview for this film, it is neither a successful Matrix-esque actioner nor a star-crossed romance pic.
That said, I still enjoyed the R&J-esque story, and how it combined the already connected lores.
After my second viewing of this film I figured I'd get around to writing a review. In an our-world noir-esque film, vampires and werewolves are in an age old war to defeat one or the another.
So far so good--you weren't expecting Bergman-esque psychological depth, were you?
 Whoa!  Then there's some Matrix-esque stuff that doesn't resemble the Matrix.
 <p>Danny Devito plays what may well have been his last truly funny role, made all the more hilarious because his Brando-esque character takes himself almost as seriously as DeVito takes himself these days.
The 2nd nightclub scene and the Bond-esque gadget scene brought a smile to me :)<p>- There are 2 commentaries, and I've only seen the one with Snipes and Del Toro, and it proved forgettable.
The music is very intricately orchestrated and sung and the look is very Burton-esque in it's stylized appearance.
This movie is the best movie ever made.  This movie is filled with memeorable quotes, including Father Ridley's sermon-esque opinions about VD.
 Almost every joke, gag and laughable moment is mostly original with a Family Guy-esque feel.
It is also great to see Deborah Harry reprise her Intimate Stranger-esque phone sex role too.
Instead, this DVD is half Jackass-esque comedy, half congratulatory "you're not part of the mainstream" speeches, and a whole host of is-it-or-isn't-it satire/documentaries.
 What's the point?  Every time civilization is engulfed in some sort of cannibalistic, zombie-esque plague many questions get begged and then I fail to enjoy the movie.
Where Smith usually shines, in his predictable hero-esque roles, he fails here--as a scientist who experiment goes wrong.
 I'm glad the directors took a different approach to the Twilight Zone-esque themes of vampires that the original book took.
 Norman Reedus, the weaselly-villain-esque character had angry eyes and an obsession with power .
Okay, so the Epcot-esque finale is more fromage than homage, and is remniscent of the touchy-feely, ending of THE ABYSS.
And it wouldn't be a Star Wars-esque movie if it didn't have its comic relief, this time it comes in the guise of hapless wizard, Ergo.
Then there's just the weird visuals such as Jack's weird odyssey in the locker where it's almost Gilliam-esque in its weirdness but it becomes a slight running gag that is funny yes but it's kind of unneeded.
They had used the ending from the book rather than a hollywood-esque sort of ending.
in contrast with the sad lonely isolated reality. Jennifer Connely & the young Sixth Sense-esque actress deserve an OSCAR as they played true to life-like but with a STAR studded shine.
Why is that? First off, the previews made it seem like a Naked Gun-esque spoof, of which I am a big fan of those types of movies.
Everyone here is pitch-perfect: Hepburn, Holden, Bogie and the incomparable Billy Wilder.  This is a classic Cinderella-esque story of a young, poor girl hopelessly in love with the son of her father's employer.
More inexplicable rudeness and campy, John Waters-esque nonsense ensues- with a wonderful Boris Karloff as a barely intelligible doorman (must have been a hoot for him to play a role like this!
I don't expect the most intricate music in a musical comedy, but the tunes sound like cookie-cutter Simpsons-esque paradies of musical music.
 Stephens, a spoiled rich kid, rigs a high school election  and, with his Jerry Lewis-esque sidekick Cricket, holds the hallways  hostage.
I don't expect the most intricate music in a musical comedy, but the tunes sound like cookie-cutter Simpsons-esque paradies of musical music.
 Instead of the majestic and ambitious 2001-esque Star Trek: The Motion Picture, with it's so Roddenberry-esque tale of different life forms communicating, understanding and actually combining, we have big spaceships firing laser weapons at each other and plenty of boring running, jumping and falling down - if TMP had the ambition to take Kubrick as it's model, WOK settled for the considerably inferior Lucas.
The first, METZENGERSTEIN, by Roger Vadim, features a nubile, Barbarella-esque Jane Fonda as an imperious, mildly sadistic and hedonistic  young socialite/Contessa named Frederique, presumably in the Middle Ages.
I wanted to like this movie. I really did. Edgy Barry Levinson-esque camerawork, some truly funny moments, an A-list cast who must have worked for scale, the whole nine yards.
I didn't even mind the &quot;Fantasia&quot; ending, Dr. Reinhardt and Maximillian togther in a &quot;Dante-esque&quot; hell.
What can I say? It's BORING! I'm not a huge fan of Tom Hanks, especially with this mullet-esque hair (it's ok to hate me), but I love Iam McCellan and Jean Reno, but these great actors just couldn't save this movie.
 It was even better the second viewing, where one can sink into performances such as Jeremy Renner's Cagney-esque bravado, and the subtle nuances of Affleck's self-direction as Doug McCray.
Maurice Jarre's score, which weaves Hindu music with Cole Porter-esque rhythm, never overpowers the dialogue or sound effects.
One of the finest ways that this is captured is the poetic and ballet-esque motion of the battle sequences.
There were hints of Braveheart-esque traits but sadly this film, while excellent in its own right, falls short.
The evil, zombie-esque monarch has plans to use the pig's abilities to locate the Black Cauldron, a demonic, enchanted cauldron with the power to create an army of undead and unstoppable warriors.
I already knew how this thing was going to end about 7 minutes in, but I wasn't expecting a hilarious Muppet-esque gargoyle.
 A little TRON-esque but I was digging it!
We open with shots of a lit up and pretty cityscape of LA with Gerswin-esque music playing a la Woody Allen's Manhattan.
Sleek cars, stuffy old men, and a Madonna-esque, high spirited girl are the ingredients of this 1980's comedy that has since reached cult status deservingly.
 ///// Dana: Hello, Peter. Peter Venkman: [whips around Melodramatically, and speaks in a soap opera-esque deep tone] Hello, Dana.
While far from profound, the film's acceptable Odyssy-esque story takes second chair to a wacked-out, 100% convincing vision of the future and the community of characters who inhabit the portions of it that the film concerns itself with, some of which was quite memorable;<p>A pirate thug named "Scummy", square zero-g pigs, a bar/diner set in a revolving hub ala 2001 to simulate gravity, self-defense mechanisms with apparent senses of humor, and an uproarious, innappropriately hilarious death machine monster that is right out of Red Dwarf.
 It's an interesting episode, and the closing song "Return to Myself" seems vaguely Megumi Hayashibara-esque.
As for the human cast, Brendan Fraser, here a hapless stunt man whose dad just happens to be a 007-esque spy star both in character and for real (played broadly, if briefly, by ex-Bond Timothy Dalton), is a little bland, and the normally witty Jenna Elfman is mostly eye candy as the studio exec.
the Powers That Be decided to create their own Gould-esque villains, rather than use the Gould-created Flattop, Shaky, Pruneface, etc.
The Bottom Line:<br /><br />Though the ending feels somewhat Twilight Zone-esque and doesn't measure up to the rest of the screenplay, this is by and large an exceptionally well-written and acted movie that hurtles through its 138 minute running length and hardly feels a bit dated.
(He deserves the compliment of 'Kubrick-esque' for this work.
The city becomes something of an "Omega Man-esque" metroscape where everything is available for the taking but lurking in the darkness wait the afflicted ready to attack.
beautiful and spectacular.  This is simply an escape ...fun, sensational musical numbers, gorgeous costumes, Fosse-esque dance routines, fantastic singing by Cher and Christina .
 Opportunity presents itself in the person of Briney-esque Cora Corman (Haley Bennett, delightfully loopy), who wants a new song using a line provided by her favorite guru.
All in all, great for Bey/Bruckheimer-esque entertainment, but horrible in everything else.
This latest from international action star Jason Statham would appear to be just another Statham-esque movie.
Gondry's efforts (the refreshingly old-fashioned "Human Behaviour", the Gilliam-esque "Army Of Me", the timeless black-and-white hues of "Isobel", the colour explosions of "Hyperballad", the sweeping "Joga" and the filmic saga of "Bachelorette") are amazing in their evocation of colour and storytelling, and cement greater things to expect from the Frenchman, who went on to make "Human Nature" with Patricia Arquette, Rhys Ifans and Tim Robbins.
HOWEVER there is one thing that KILLED this movie, and it was the music. Strange Charlie Brown-esque songs would be playing during inappropriate dialogues.
I rented this movie fully expecting an hour and a half long crapfest, full of lo-grade troma/full moon-esque special effects, subpar acting and dumb storylines.
the Scotland of Trainspotting is a rather depressing land of dingy, Detroit-esque post-industrial decay, and even the natural beauty of the local highlands isn't enough to overcome the cynicism that's overtaken Renton and most of his friends.
The plot while somewhat predictably martial arts-esque keeps you interested as you grow vested into the characters.
 More lighthearted and Back to the Future-esque, but almost as enjoyable.
<p>It's a fairy-tale-esque story with wolves as an allegory to gay men, with a nicely intertwined story of some elderly ladies plotting to kill their mistress.
<p>It's a fairy-tale-esque story with wolves as an allegory to gay men, with a nicely intertwined story of some elderly ladies plotting to kill their mistress.
<p>Pacino gives a tour de force performance, delivering his lines with typical Pacino-esque vigor.
Re: The Corinth Version<br /><br />Upon beginning Welles' epic Inception-esque neo-noir of a power-hungry man using the dredges of the world as his puppets, the average cinemaphile may become disillusioned.
I didn't even need a story- I'd watch hours of the luscious Dali-esque landscapes, flowing ethereal fabric, and twisted Kevorkian-esque creations that make up this film.
Wrong!<p>Moreover, while the imagery in the film is visually stunning and, oftentimes, quite beautiful, almost Dali-esque in its conception and execution, it cannot carry and sustain the film, when the plot and story line thin out.
 What's the point?  Every time civilization is engulfed in some sort of cannibalistic, zombie-esque plague many questions get begged and then I fail to enjoy the movie.
Where Smith usually shines, in his predictable hero-esque roles, he fails here--as a scientist who experiment goes wrong.
 I'm glad the directors took a different approach to the Twilight Zone-esque themes of vampires that the original book took.
Everyone here is pitch-perfect: Hepburn, Holden, Bogie and the incomparable Billy Wilder.  This is a classic Cinderella-esque story of a young, poor girl hopelessly in love with the son of her father's employer.
Nightmares, hello! He appears in an almost Adam & Eve-esque scenario.
An aggressive fridge with a mind of its own sounds Monty Python-esque when you first hear about it, but trust me, you won't be laughing by the end of the movie.
Didn't really make much sense to stupid me. <p>Don't go into this expecting a great, Armageddon-esque film.
 Finally, though, the soap-opera-esque acting wins the day and at the end of the movie one can't be sure if Sarah's upset because Mama's died before she can make amends, or because she didn't think of asking Mahalia Jackson to sing at her own funeral.
The premis was there. Very Akira-esque in its potential direction.
DOWN ARGENTINE WAY is a fun movie, plain and simple. It's a lighthearted Romeo and Juliet-esque story with a not so tragic ending.
Romero is perhaps the best horror movie of the year! this is a very "Blair Witch Project" and "Cannibal Holocaust"-esque movie that  takes the viewer on a terrifying and grisly journey through hell from the eyes of filmmakers in their point of view.
His sudden epiphany as bow-wielding hero and Yoda-esque wise man is more than a bit too much to accept.
Jackson is certainly eye opening enough, but beyond it's exploitation-esque gloss, Black Snake Moan is a surprisingly heartfelt and even touching excursion from Hustle & Flow writer/director Craig Brewer.
Diddy himself manages to do more than stare blankly with mouth agape.  The Raymond Carver-esque story intertwines a series of tragedies stemming from an execution, all of which could become camp if it weren't for the capable approach of director Marc Forster.
 The film is graced by a Mancini-esque, hepcat-cool music score composed by Neil Hefti; again, a perfect product of its time.
 Hearing the name Joss Whedon attached to the film, I had visions of Buffy-esque plot twists gone sci-fi.
Convincingly non-convincing, if you catch my drift.<br /><br />It's a waste of a good idea for a controversial snuff-esque film that anyone else could have done better.
 Add to this intriguing human-esque characters portrayed by actors of a caliber no longer seen in American television or movies (actors with the ability to convey, with heart-rending conviction, a myriad of emotions with a single glance or gesture) throw in some stunning sets, and you have a production that is unmatchable.
We get the sense that Wade's probing of Evans is more than just Hannibal Lecture-esque quid pro quo, where the information is used as power to exploit the owner.
if u like the scream-esque type of horror, beautiful cast, elaborate deaths, creepy moments and brutal killings this movie is for u would like to see this.
The original was more of a Hitchcock Psycho-esque thriller that inspired "Halloween" and many slasher movies for years to come, this one is more of a "Friday The 13th"-esque gorefeast of grueling scenes like cannibalism, eyeball mutilation that would make Fulci smile and more.
 Some nice slow-motion, Matrix-esque bullet dodging scenes, and the JCVD kicks are always classic, but there's just too much to truly enjoy.
Rodman's character, a shady special arms dealer, does add some brightness with his 007-esque cadre of tech gadgets.
Reitman seems fully capable of bringing an acidic flavor to the most Capra-esque situation.
 Once again..very "fight club"-esque in its dark humor nature.
This motivates Rocky to get back to the ring and make a George Foreman-esque comeback for the ages.
In one of these episodes, Jeannie forms a beatles-esque band from a bunch of nobodies on the street to be a replacement band for a show that Dr.
This particular movie is not Harry Potter. It is Harry Potter-esque.
Harry is a suitably stroppy teenager, in fact really stroppy, and the whole plot seems to be fairly "woe is me"-esque.
I really love period pieces and just about everything Jane Austen-esque.
In SLICES OF LIFE, it's tied together with a Barker-esque BOOKS OF BLOOD style story entitled "Sketcher" about a chick that wakes up with partial amnesia and keeps finding books made of flesh and blood.
Cross a boilerplate international secret-agent yarn with a whodunnit, or rather a whoisit, mix in some Rocky-esque training sequences and top it off with a documentary on the wierd because-it's-there mountain-climbing culture, and you have "The Eiger Sanction.
 In what seems like a Kaufman-esque joke on his audience Carrey reverts back to his Ace Ventura form as a split personality, so misrepresented, so misdiagnosed that I wonder if the writers bothered to pick up a medical book in researching this.
. . a letdown.<br /><br />From the laughable Leno-esque chins to the lack of crucial voice-overs (which had worked SO WELL when you had Bryan Cranston voicing Jim Gordon in Batman:Year One), to the terrible fight animations to the terrible added dialogue .
I have heard many people simply pass this off as another "Freddy-esque" movie because of the makeup, but the similarities between Englund's most notorious screen character and the Phantom stops there.
Each of the performances is unforgettable in their own right.<br /><br />It is hard to "like" any Dickens-esque story because of its themes, and this is not different.
 Minelli can sing her ass off, there's no disputing that,  and her diva-esque Sally is an interesting interpretation.
 Not to mention the fact that when Doom switches to it's first person-esque view towards the climax, that's when the film goes into complete and utter cheese territory.
 Probably the most appropriate scene using bad language was between Vivi and Teensie during a "chicken-esque" car scene.
 Expanses of wild ocean, unexplored wilderness, toll collecting trolls and even Peter Pan-esque pirate ships make the grade in The Lost Treasure.
Some of the scenes where they are driving down to Mexico are very Hunter S. Thompson-esque.
 Some of Woods and Belushi's banter is Jerry Seinfeld and Larry David-esque.
Depp's performance was too Michael Jackson-esque for my liking.
For, make no mistake, Tim Burton's adaptation of Roald Dahl's classic novel, is very "Burton-esque.
The real star of this story is not the quasi-humans who populate its color-saturated Dali-esque landscape, but the candy around whom their lives center.
Look also for the "Sgt. Pepper"-esque nut house with the (largely real) team of nut-cracking squirrels, the "2001: Space Odyssey" (with the bombastic Strauss fanfare) WonkaVision studios, and other touches that really make Depp, in particular, such a marvelously spooky-kooky guy.
Therefore if you are not a child, but still enjoy dooby-enhanced mind trip or generally odd, Alice-in-Wonderland-esque stories, then you will find interest in this movie.
 The initial scenes of Charlie's crooked, dilapidated house and the huge city that surrounds it are as Dahl-esque as you can hope for.
 They're almost DALI-esque, in fact.
With 8 1/2, he embraced a much more fanciful surrealistic style, later to be dubbed &quot;Fellini-esque&quot;.
The Bottom Line:<br /><br />The special effects are nifty and I guess the Chinatown-esque plot is kinda fun, but the gimmick ran stale for me after the first half hour and I wanted a bit more to fall back on than Hoskins' growling and Christopher Lloyd's scenery chewing; I can see why everyone else loves it, but I was not especially enthused.
 Why? Predictability.  Design is always the same.  Stick figure-esque, almost surreal imagery is in every flick.
 Assuming you can see though its typically  Burton-esque fog of gloom, you will find some good actors struggling  within.
A very good fun romp, with sharp twists, almost Roald Dahl-esque justice and humour.
John Ratzenberger pops up as a strikingly Bumble-esque Yeti, and Frank Oz and Bonnie Hunt round out the team.
Absolute eye candy for sure. Plus he gets points for twisting such a traditional genre, what with that whole fairy tale-esque thing and all.
Absolute eye candy for sure. Plus he gets points for twisting such a traditional genre, what with that whole fairy tale-esque thing and all.
It has the traditional Guy Ritchie twist at the end.  If you're looking for a Snatch-esque feel to a movie, this is it.
This sub-plot portrayed Dr. No as a poor Frankenstein-esque creature that was just a product of his horrible experiences and mistreatment by a world that rejected him.
This sub-plot portrayed Dr. No, as a poor Frankenstein-esque creature that was just a product of his horrible experiences, and mistreatment by a world that rejected him.
 Why would a Tipper Gore-esque character named Mary Spinkle blame a company for something the rapper is responsible for instead of the rapper himself?
 What the makers are trying to capture is a Capra-esque feel and they nearly succeed.
Maurice Jarre's score, which weaves Hindu music with Cole Porter-esque rhythm, never overpowers the dialogue or sound effects.
And there's my biggest complaint. Why do so many horror movies feel the need to use the I Know What You Did Last Summer-esque "look, there's gonna be a sequel" ending?
 The acting is goofy, the special effects are &quot;Clash of the Titans&quot;-esque, and Ash seems to get his shotgun out of nowhere after coming out of the pit; but, you love it anyway cause its funny and good for a viewing at anytime of the day or night.
 To show off contemporary versions (circa 1990) of Ray Harryhausen-esque stop-motion techniques:<p>The special effects, while dated in the face of CGI prodigiousness, are enormous and spectacular.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
The acting is superb and the actors look like real people, not a bunch of anorexic and model-esque actors who try to compensate their lack of thespianic ability with their looks.
Wagner added Tristan-esque chromatic harmonies to a fundamentally diatonic score, which some musicians find a bit jarring.
 The comical line "Lois Lane?" that he sputters while brushing his teeth (it had a certain Scooby-esque quality) and the even more comical physical acting he does a little later where he keeps prompting Lois to say a certain name so he can unleash the hounds at her.
The bad guys are threatening but won't really scare anyone (one good ol' boy wears a Roscoe-esque hat).
This Madonna-esque epiphany in the midst of this urban hell hole triggers Tsotsi's journey back from the brink of damnation to retrieve his lost identity and to risk all by returning the child to its family.
It has a lot of sorround effects specially in the beggining with the  'Matrix'-esque "girl with bomb explodes" sequence.
 I could care less about the silly flash-esque games, the documentaries, storyboards, family game night features, sing-a-long, crap.
 I could care less about the silly flash-esque games, the documentaries, storyboards, family game night features, sing-a-long, crap.
It has the traditional Guy Ritchie twist at the end.  If you're looking for a Snatch-esque feel to a movie, this is it.
 the plot is a little too woody allen-esque with all the rich actor/actress/painter/intellectual types who have mid-life problems and talk about it over white wine.
This sub-plot portrayed Dr. No as a poor Frankenstein-esque creature that was just a product of his horrible experiences and mistreatment by a world that rejected him.
This sub-plot portrayed Dr. No, as a poor Frankenstein-esque creature that was just a product of his horrible experiences, and mistreatment by a world that rejected him.
showing him scruffy with facial hair most of the film, overweight with a paunch belly, and jovial homo-esque eroticisms with the Woody Harrelson (Stan Lloyd) character.
More on this later...<br /><br />Jolie as Alexander's mother uses as bizarre Russian-esque accent that is terribly out of place with who Olympia actually was.
 In lots of ways, the basic plot is pretty Giallo-esque.
the protagonists are regular people, every character matters, the killer's motivation is very giallo-esque (can't be completely specific w/o giving too much away) most everything proves to be connected, and the mandatory twist ending is more of a ludicrous sick joke than a grand revelation.
the really deranged puppet the killer has popping up at crucial moments, and the Samurai-esque costume he wears when on the attack.
In particular, a Sarah Silverman-esque young comedienne is quite good in her role as one of the character's mothers.
 Instead of the majestic and ambitious 2001-esque Star Trek: The Motion Picture, with it's so Roddenberry-esque tale of different life forms communicating, understanding and actually combining, we have big spaceships firing laser weapons at each other and plenty of boring running, jumping and falling down - if TMP had the ambition to take Kubrick as it's model, WOK settled for the considerably inferior Lucas.
DVD includes making of, outtakes, and a VH1-esque pop-up video setting that quizzes you  on pop-culture references and influences (kind of fun actually).
I especially loved the ending, it was original.<p>There is a Tenchi-esque feel to this series, so if you like Tenchi, you'll love this.
But Reynold's psychotic Johnny-esque preformance was definitely worth admission price on the day after opening.
<p>It's brilliant.<p>Gyllenhaal plays Jimmy Livingston, the three sttoges-esque flip side of John Travolta's Tod Lubtich (the main character of smarmy 1976 made-for-TV movie The Boy in the Plastic Bubble).
 Aside from capturing the grittiness of Prohibition-era life, as opposed to the overly clean _Chicago_-esque images, this is an intellectual and emotional gangster film.
But more importantly, his acting was tepid and his assumed accent was an abomination. It vacillated from Spanish-esque, French-esque, to Irish brogue, and sort of settled in the Irish range for the duration of the movie.
Summer Glau, as Supergirl, is terrific, and Ed Asner, as Fagin-esque supervillainess Granny Goodness(!
You've got an all star cast and a John Hughes-esque direction that can't be beat.
 What's the point?  Every time civilization is engulfed in some sort of cannibalistic, zombie-esque plague many questions get begged and then I fail to enjoy the movie.
Where Smith usually shines, in his predictable hero-esque roles, he fails here--as a scientist who experiment goes wrong.
 I'm glad the directors took a different approach to the Twilight Zone-esque themes of vampires that the original book took.
One of the most enjoyable attempts at another Harry Potter-esque franchise.
I like Mr. Quaid. I think that his often-exasperated mannerisms are enjoyable, almost Jack Nicholson-esque at times.
 Like others have said, Oliver Stone was the films flaw.  Had it been Tarantino-esque in it's directing, I think it would have had more appeal, and less of the headache flavor.
 Absolutely.  If you are expecting, however, a nail-biting thriller or a creepy X-Files-esque mystery, you won't really find it.
 I'm not going to whine about how the end just didn't tie it all in together. I'm not going to complain about the MTV-esque version of &quot;Wise Up&quot; in the middle of the film.
 Because I knew of the multiple storylines, i expected something tarantino-esque with something that tied together neatly.
 An intelligent female lead (Bones).  While she's also pretty and funny, she has endearing flaws.  Her superwoman-esque martial arts and marksmanship abilities (she can apparently shoot better than her FBI counterpart who used to be a sniper) are blatantly over the top.
After megadoses of Terminator-esque computerized special effects, I love a good low budget flick where the film makers make the most with what they have.
Long before Disney's version of Zorro (starring Guy Madison) hit TV, I learned about Zorro and his Robin Hood-esque exploits in the old Republic serials shown then.
 Why? Predictability.  Design is always the same.  Stick figure-esque, almost surreal imagery is in every flick.
 Assuming you can see though its typically  Burton-esque fog of gloom, you will find some good actors struggling  within.
Liked the the mood, the eeriness and the effects. It was a little Shining-esque but then Steven King did write it.
Not to mention, there is a huge terminator-esque bio-weapon running around.
Her super solider-esque, Matrix-like fighting techniques was a treat to watch.
The only way this would have been more offensive and cliched is if they had some Vaudeville-esque performer in blackface tap-dancing and eating watermelon throughout the film.
 The Kill-Bill-esque animated scene is neat but still not needed.
I wanted to like this movie. I really did. Edgy Barry Levinson-esque camerawork, some truly funny moments, an A-list cast who must have worked for scale, the whole nine yards.
<p>Pacino gives a tour de force performance, delivering his lines with typical Pacino-esque vigor.
 For those of you looking for a cool Evil Dead 2-esque take on the slasher genre, you will be extremely disappointed with this hack job of a film.
Some good Lawrence-esque scenes here & there but,generally,the film lacks real soul & drags out too much.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
Jonathan Glazer's Sexy Beast. (The only other exceptions would be Gangster No.1 and Guy Ritchie's own highly Lock Stock-esque Snatch).
 She is an actress whose young son begins uttering Freddy-esque threats as the city is rocked by earthquakes.
 Panned by most critics, I actually found this film to be extremely witty with a Wes Anderson-esque type of dry martini humor.
 I had low expectations, thinking it was going to be a typical gross-out, Adam Sandler-esque comedy, with fart jokes and lots of T&A.
A very good fun romp, with sharp twists, almost Roald Dahl-esque justice and humour.
Her mannerisms, her clothing, and her speech were all impeccably Hepburn-esque.
It's a great 'Back To The Future-esque' type episode that reveals some new surprises of the Winchester family.
It's a great 'Back To The Future-esque' type episode that reveals some new surprises of the Winchester family.
The extras are nice but scarce. There's humerous blooper-esque outtakes from the English dialogue and interviews with the Japanese creators.
I especially enjoy his voice, which despite relying a bit heavily on a stereotypical Chappelle-esque crack tone, still utilizes the colourful mumbles and lazy eloquence that have served Def well as an MC.
16 Blocks is a relatively predictable 48 Hours-esque picture, but it kept me glued for the full length of the film.
A year after the couragous mutant team known as the X-Men, there has been a terrorist mutant attack made by Devil-esque mutant named Nightcrawler (Alan Cumming) in the White House.
Oddly enough, the Bladerunner-esque buildings throughout the movie also help to establish the feeling of urgency, and the sensation of teetering on the edge of something great, something that we cannot possibly understand.
if you are looking for a Dirty Harry-esque cool fest from eastwood, you will be dissappointed.
 The M. Night Shyamalan-esque twist reveals that Marie and the killer are one and the same.
 Most of them center around his relationship with the most popular girl in school, Mitsuki Sonada (as well as the Tenchi-esque rivalry with other girls after his lucky self), and her father, a slightly mad scientist, named Ken (as well as his counterpart in the parallel world).
 no problems here. the movie  begins to fall apart with some of its more Matrix-esque fight scenes.
 The perfect heroine.<br /><br />The way this movie was done, with the dark, gritty, noir-esque settings of Batman and the 'lightness' of the dark comedy from Nicholson's Joker, gives the movie a vitality that all the others have lacked to a certain extent.
Batman Returns has a very creative and &quot;Burton-esque&quot;  visual style, yet it's so unrelentingly dark it can't compare to the first,  and the best.
The Sex in the City-esque voiceovers - both with and without the typing on the computer - was a hurlfest for me.
You've got an all star cast and a John Hughes-esque direction that can't be beat.
Liked the the mood, the eeriness and the effects. It was a little Shining-esque but then Steven King did write it.
This film is as Burton-esque as BEETLEJUICE, EDWARD SCISSORHANDS and BATMAN RETURNS (and everything else that Burton has done).
Frankenstein. Shelley Duvall and Daniel Stern play his very Leave It To Beaver-esque parents.
 They were under some tremdous pressure to do the film I understand.  When it comes to crude, John Waters-esque humor, I usually find it more amusing than I do funny.
Anderson's Event Horizon.<br /><br />In all the film shoes great potential and I suspect that if not for the horror-esque twist for the final quarter of the picture, Sunshine would eventually find favor with the science fiction community at large as perhaps one of the most underrated pieces to come out of London, or for that matter, anywhere.
A few early shots which weave through shadowy corridors and dance about dimly lit Giger-esque passageways immediately foreshadow ominous events.
Although the initial aspirations of "Sunshine" are lost in its B-movie, slasher-esque finale, the film does tie up nicely.
But we found that after a few weeks we were still thinking about it. It has a great Alien-esque feel.
A few early shots which weave through shadowy corridors and dance about dimly lit Giger-esque passageways immediately foreshadow ominous events.
 The cast does a great job of setting the mood and none of it feels lame or B-movie-esque.
Still, the Zombie-esque finale doesn't quite fit.
 I really liked the characters of Cher and Josh and their sibling-esque rivalry that blossomed into love and a lot of the parallels with the book were funny, but this isn't one of my favorite movies or even adaptations.
 Director Rick Rosenthal (who directed the latest Halloween: Resurrection) decided to go without most of the cat & mouse-esque Carpenter style suspense of the first film, opting instead to make the film much more graphic than the original.
Also noteworthy for its sprawl and ensemble work, both of which are Altman-esque.
This was very Altman-esque, with lots of activity and talk at once making the subtitles difficult to follow.
 The movie was a little top heavy with typical Shatner-esque self-indulgence(he directed of course).
Do not fall into the trap I fell into. The main actor, though, Tony Leung Kar Fai, I believe, did act rather Jackie-esque in the comedy department and the stamp of Jackie is vaguely on the film, but he's not in it.
 <p>Plus, it's got Tina Krause in it.  She's becoming quite the Debbie Rochon-esque b-movie queen and I think she's great.
Tim Curry gives a strong performance as the Satan-esque character.
Couldn't even stand to watch the thing.  The awful Disney-esque music had me ranting like a mad-woman!
 Its warps in and out of being a B-movie homage and a eye-narrowing conspiracy-esque trader in ideas of other dimensions.
And to my parents credit; they never once did that Zoolander-esque mug at the camera like he does after he finishes whatever abortion of Louis C.
 Maria has this look in her eyes as she talks directly to the camera, to the audience.  Almost like a touch of Godard-esque filmmaking but in this case, the efficacy of the scene felt quite eery, angry.
Robert Redford is also perfect as a  'wholesome', nave underdog champion (you can almost feel a JFK-esque aura  around him).
 The earlier portion of the film contains a great many one-on-one duels, further enhancing the Leone-esque feel, and they are all quite nicely done, if brief.
 One of the things that I love about Joss Whedon-verse is that he seldom strings the viewers along in a 90210-esque unrequited love farce.
The largest drawback that some people (not I) might find is that this show does get very soap opera-esque as the seasons progress.
The plot while somewhat predictably martial arts-esque keeps you interested as you grow vested into the characters.
That's just the way you say it: Basterds."[8] He stated in an interview that the misspelled title is "a Basquiat-esque touch.
Is there any real concern that people will mistake Tarantino-esque fiction for historical fact?
The Bottom Line:<br /><br />The special effects are nifty and I guess the Chinatown-esque plot is kinda fun, but the gimmick ran stale for me after the first half hour and I wanted a bit more to fall back on than Hoskins' growling and Christopher Lloyd's scenery chewing; I can see why everyone else loves it, but I was not especially enthused.
Pierce Brosnan heats up the screen with Rene Russo in this hot little remake.  Although Bond-esque characteristics are present, Brosnan delivers a look at his corrupt and witty side as an actor.
it's the first sequel since "Halloween II" to get "The Shape" right! Armed once again with a creepy William Shatner-esque mask (which is actually achieved through a combination of 5 different masks and some CGI effects), a lithe build and quick, methodical body movement, "The Shape" is looking and acting more like his old eerie/ghostly self than he has in years.
A thrilling "Silence of the Lambs" and "Se7en"-esque thriller that goes to the jugulear veins and never lets go, Danny Glover gives a great performance in the first movie and the film has an amazing ending.
 It was even better the second viewing, where one can sink into performances such as Jeremy Renner's Cagney-esque bravado, and the subtle nuances of Affleck's self-direction as Doug McCray.
There are some very interesting Burton-esque alterations that update the elements of Alice's journey quite nicely.
so werewolves and vampires were out, Satanism in. So here we get a Wheatley-esque story of powerful people sucked into devil-worship grafted onto an old fashioned Dracula story.
While some dramatic license was taken with the storyline, &quot;Joseph&quot; thankfully eschews Disney-esque asides, superflous fantasy characters or expanded romantic angles (Joseph's love and marriage to Asenath is simply part of the story).
 I advise parents to be a bit concerned with some of the cartoon-ish violence and "40's-esque" racial and sexual humor.
Robbie Coltrane (Harry Potter And The...) is wonderfully low-key in his Watson-esque role as Depp's assistant.
 "Crouching Tiger" surprised many people with it's "Disney-esque" or "Wizard Of Oz" fantasy plot and visuals, but "Hero" defines the understanding of the secret developments of real warriors.
The annoying Disney-esque familiar to our villain, Rasputan, is an obnoxious little white bat (which channels Iago from Aladdin) who inexplicably moves from being a sinister and vindictive side-kick to an unwilling and disinterested participant to his master's evil scheme.
While one might expect a Shatner-esque, over-the-top performance from Carrey, to which we've become accustomed in his comedic work, we are instead given a performance that is both subtle and remarkably powerful.
What do our memories look like if shown as a movie? Dali-esque, if Gondry is to be believed, complete with melting faces.
And while Faye undeniably gets the right bandmember in the end, Lamarr the concierge's 'Love Boat'-esque intervention in the process is wholly unnecessary.
Disney's quality of films have been diminishing greatly, ever since they lost there &quot;Musical-esque&quot; style after THe Hunchback of Notredame.
And while Faye undeniably gets the right bandmember in the end, Lamarr the concierge's 'Love Boat'-esque intervention in the process is wholly unnecessary.
Everyone is extremely Barbie-esque - perfect posture, perfect hair, perfect nails, perfect smiles, all while wearing back-breaking high-heel shoes.
I love Lily Tomlin's Disney-esque dream sequence, the one that causes the most problems.
This creates a rather Fellini-esque atmosphere and causes some friction among the ladies as well as a couple of their deaths.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
 Why? Predictability.  Design is always the same.  Stick figure-esque, almost surreal imagery is in every flick.
 Assuming you can see though its typically  Burton-esque fog of gloom, you will find some good actors struggling  within.
 While along there way there was lots of outlandish comic soap opera-esque moments, there were also scenes and storylines that were well done and life affirming.
Unlike Grant, Anthony Andrews plays Sir Percival Blakeney's dandy-esque persona to absolute perfection - but he's also just as believable when throwing on other disguises or when he drops the acts all together and becomes the real man of action.
 In particular, the show trial scene is movie-making of the highest order with a knockout Downfall-esque performance by Andr&eacute; Hennicke as Richter Dr.
 xXx uses a plethora of James Bond-esque type gadgets and excellorates them using X-Treme sports.
 They look Fulci-esque.
 Expanses of wild ocean, unexplored wilderness, toll collecting trolls and even Peter Pan-esque pirate ships make the grade in The Lost Treasure.
 Also some of these fantasy scenes are a touch `python-esque' as well, especially where there is a troop of dancing policemen in fish-net tights!
Wow!<br /><br />Climbing ladders to the stars, dancing policemen in mini-skirts (very Python-esque), crazy trappings, screwy colors -- a druggie's dream for sure.
Despite Hector Elizondo's caricature performance as a Columbo-esque detective and the fact that the film celebrates being shallow as much as it condemns such behavior, it scores some hits, not the least of which is the breezy opening song by Blondie.
The Isaac Asimov-esque robot, the massive flood, the large-scale destruction of the undercity, the masses of vehicles travelling outside, the huge interactive set-pieces - every visual element of this movie is absolutely stunning.
In the far future in a large New York-esque city, it seems workers are struggling with people called "Thinkers" who are like the bosses that makes plans and being a big corporation.
The Isaac Asimov-esque robot, the massive flood, the large-scale destruction of the undercity, the masses of vehicles travelling outside, the huge interactive set-pieces - every visual element of this movie is absolutely stunning.
In the far future in a large New York-esque city, it seems workers are struggling with people called "Thinkers" who are like the bosses that makes plans and being a big corporation.
The film has been categorized as Tarantino-esque.
The film has been categorized as Tarantino-esque.
 Although not a highly original or edgy film, it does goes well beyond the barriers of a typical Disney-esque movie.
With a witty Marty Stouffer-&quot;Wild America&quot;-esque-meets-Disney's-Goofy narration by David Hyde Pierce (Niles from &quot;Frasier&quot;), this film is a quite funny and creative take on the Modern dating (sex) scene-from an Alien's persepective.
 Although not a highly original or edgy film, it does goes well beyond the barriers of a typical Disney-esque movie.
The second half devolves into numerous Disney-esque plot contrivances, none of which I will go into because they might be spoilers to some.
"I love this dirty town," proclaims the Walter Winchell-esque Hunsecker, and you never once doubt him.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
They go nowhere and go on forever simultaneously. You wait in vain for something bold, brash or Miike-esque to happen, credits roll, and you`ve been had.
still maintain some basic traits which are representative of their species, they also operate as fable-esque types who satirize many human traits.
 Like others have said, Oliver Stone was the films flaw.  Had it been Tarantino-esque in it's directing, I think it would have had more appeal, and less of the headache flavor.
 It does have a dark 'Fargo-esque' quality to it (and I enjoyed the movie Fargo), but it is in no way funny.
 The acting is generally good with Cohen-esque strange characters.
the bumbling yet well-intentioned crooks in over their heads, the Preston Sturges-esque pace, the oddball yet strangely intellectual dialogue which only they can write in quite that way.
Albeit James Bond-esque, this movie hinges upon everyone fulfilling their role flawlessly and not one of their high-tech gadgets ever failing.
This leads him to bust up a scheme by an Illuminati-esque group of businessmen to control a major natural resource.
 I would have loved to have seen a Matthew Fox-esque emotive rant that LOST fans have come to appreciate, but it just never happened.
The villain is appropriately slimy and lizard-esque.
 Meanwhile, Garrett Hedlund plays Paltrow's rough-hewn, Waylon-esque protegee, a simple country guy who lives for the music, man, and not the fame.
Those of you who don't get the whole Python-esque humor won't appreciate this either.
It has a 'Fellini-esque' quality to it.
 For those of you looking for a cool Evil Dead 2-esque take on the slasher genre, you will be extremely disappointed with this hack job of a film.
 There were Matrix-esque slow motion bits, and even a "do something at a control panel before time runs out" bit.
In the outdoors of England, Scottish archeologist Angus Mcflint (Peter Capaldi) has discovered an ancient dinosaur-esque skull in his backyard with a symbol in the ground.
The Roaring 20s fascinate me; and especially when combined with Tinseltown lore. Add to that a Hollywood Babylon-esque murder mystery (which may or may not have taken place), and how could I say no?
The fights contain far too much Matrix-esque wire-fu and some of it is so silly that it makes the film ridiculous.
 It also has a definite <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000GW8UAE">Simon & Simon - Season One</a>-esque feel to it, being as it is the story of two unlikely and completely opposite partners and the more-than-it-seems adventure they find themselves falling into.
Wagner added Tristan-esque chromatic harmonies to a fundamentally diatonic score, which some musicians find a bit jarring.
Plus, he had a really dodgy Steven Segal-esque ponytail.
<p>This movie was excellent. A wonderful feel to it; very &quot;Mission: Impossible-esque.
 While they always knew that they wanted someone to be a Steven-esque character, no other character was planned.
 If you like good artwork, then you should buy this DVD for the cover artwork which is very geiger-esque in nature.
Best of all, the  ending theme is by spiky Pizzicato Five-esque Brit-pop punkers Bis.
"I love this dirty town," proclaims the Walter Winchell-esque Hunsecker, and you never once doubt him.
the Scotland of Trainspotting is a rather depressing land of dingy, Detroit-esque post-industrial decay, and even the natural beauty of the local highlands isn't enough to overcome the cynicism that's overtaken Renton and most of his friends.
Considering the Columbine type content, I'm surprised it hasn't been banned. It's an 80's shocker, kind of Fight Club-esque.
After Veronica begins to despise her supposed friends, she meets up with Jason Dean, played by the young "Jack Nicholson-esque" Christian Slater, whom helps to escalate this hatred for the Heathers (and some others.
I particularly enjoyed Clive Owen's brief cameo as a James Bond-esque superspy (which makes me even more sad to see the James Bond that should have been.
 Stereotypes roll out in Zappa-esque, tongue-in-cheek scene after scene.
(see the recurring theme here?)<p>The filmmakers seem to be shooting for some kind of Coen-esque story line, but what one gets is a confused mish-mash of scenes that never really come together, yet nevertheless culminate in a Hollywood ending that tells us "Since he's found love, all the neuroses, denial and depression he's spent a lifetime accumulating will now magically go away".
(Hey, it may just be the best film Tor ever appeared in.)<p>The somewhat Woolrich-esque plot has to do with a carefree detective teaming up with a pretty Bette Davis looking newspaper reporter to scope out the whereabouts of a wanted criminal called The Judge.
 He spends approximately 80% of the film, making exaggerated "all work and no play..."-esque faces.
 Dazzling video effects, a Mae West-esque Bob Mackie gown, and a diva in fine voice are to die for.
The amazon review for this film says "that is boring to describe a movie as tarantino-esque, but that this film fits the shoe".
A Guy Ritchie esque plot with confusing changing alliances in the gangster world. And Tarantino-esque dialogue.
Stillman's debut, Metropolitan, is his most Allen-esque, right down to the simple opening credits sequence accompanied by jazz music.
It's very touching, almost!); "Small Openings" (Saffy writes a "Mommie Dearest"-esque play that Edina and Pats initially object to, but then later become friends with the people that play them!
 First off, the instructor has a mildly irritating, fake-esque attitude.
Vance, and other actors who are less well known.  The part of the Milla-Jo-esque "tough beauty" is played by Lauren German, who somehow succumbs to the radiation sickness much more slowly than the rest of the survivors, I guess so she could remain pretty-looking for a longer time.
 There has been much talk of the frozen bodies still on Everest.  You will not find them in this Disney-esque feature.
All in all, great for Bey/Bruckheimer-esque entertainment, but horrible in everything else.
The film has been categorized as Tarantino-esque.
The film has been categorized as Tarantino-esque.
Solid grimy bluesy rnb/soul, with a Stevie Wonder-esque clapping break, but nothing remarkable.
Real-life singer Ronee Blakely stands out as a troubled star modeled after Loretta Lynn. In yet another grand Altman-esque gesture, the actors composed their own songs for "Nashville" --and what a soundtrack it is!
"I love this dirty town," proclaims the Walter Winchell-esque Hunsecker, and you never once doubt him.
 There's something kind of Pee-wee-esque about Treadwell.
 He, like Treadwell, held idealized, Jack London-esque beliefs about life in the Arctic, amid the wildlife.
 Minelli can sing her ass off, there's no disputing that,  and her diva-esque Sally is an interesting interpretation.
 It was even better the second viewing, where one can sink into performances such as Jeremy Renner's Cagney-esque bravado, and the subtle nuances of Affleck's self-direction as Doug McCray.
They stated that the film "arrives with confidence and bravado intact. ... and arguably the most Tolkien-esque of the Narnia books".
 In the games, Liu Kang was always one of my least favorite characters, due to his overblown Bruce Lee-esque imitation, but this film removes that, preventing him from being annoying.
That is of course before her final transformation and once the fangs come into play, she resembles a Carly Simon-esque freakshow in need of serious dental work.
 His voice here is the most Beatle-esque and only he could carry this tune the way it should be.
 The show here is a sleezy Jerry-Springer-esque show, just to increase the pressure for the main character, played by Brittany Murphy.
 If you're looking for a good Meg Ryan-esque light-hearted comedy, look elsewhere.
They are cardboard cutout characters that are simply there to quote Tarantino-esque dialogue.
The second half, shot in glorious Technicolor (except for a Kill Bill-esque slip into black and white), is immaculately shot and acted, Tarantino circling the camera around his girls in a seven minute uninterrupted take like a consummate pro.
For Quentin Tarantino's sixth full-length film, we are treated to a John Carpenter-esque stalker/slasher movie that, oddly enough, features a man behind a wheel doing all the damage.
Five minutes later, after a brief interlude with the Coen-esque sherrif and his gormless sidekick, Tarantino is back to pointing the camera at babes in cars(different ones this time).
This sub-plot portrayed Dr. No as a poor Frankenstein-esque creature that was just a product of his horrible experiences and mistreatment by a world that rejected him.
This sub-plot portrayed Dr. No, as a poor Frankenstein-esque creature that was just a product of his horrible experiences, and mistreatment by a world that rejected him.
We were amused by the sheer Lifetime movie-esque feeling to this film, but it's definitely nowhere in the league of It's a Wonderful Life as a Christmas staple.
It's not surprising that Kronos reminds one a bit of a Tarantino film at times. This Spaghetti Western-esque vampire flick is actually a fave of the American director and many other filmmakers today.
And, contrary to what many "anime" fans believe, the movie IS NOT ANIME. It is an American sci-fi/fantasy-esque adventure flick.
The meltdown in Mousedom continues with this disappointing tripe.  Despite the Jules Verne-esque trappings and hints of Victorian elegance, this movie quickly descends into an embarassing, offensive, unlikely combination of "The Abyss" & "Musquito Coast.
 They are some combination of sluggish island people, fierce jungle fighters, and "Battlestar Galactica-esque" pre-historic technowizards.
Those of you who don't get the whole Python-esque humor won't appreciate this either.
Every fight scene and car chase (yes, there is more than one car chase) is loaded with Michael Bay-esque hand-held hyper-cuts.
Some good Lawrence-esque scenes here & there but,generally,the film lacks real soul & drags out too much.
Some good Lawrence-esque scenes here & there but,generally,the film lacks real soul & drags out too much.
 In the games, Liu Kang was always one of my least favorite characters, due to his overblown Bruce Lee-esque imitation, but this film removes that, preventing him from being annoying.
There's of course the paladin-esque superheroes like Spider-Man or Superman and there's the anti-heroes like Wolverine or Batman (at his best, so long as he doesn't delve into Miller-machismo).
It's the Giger-esque imagery that haunts the brain most here, and Scott's various tributes and nods to his filmic past make Prometheus a many-layered visual and mental splendor for cinephiles with patience, open minds and hungry eyes.
Universe-esque alien.
I thought it blended excellent elements of horror, suspense and amazing special effects into an incredible HR Giger-esque vision.
The decor and external design of the ship Prometheus looks suspiciously Nostromo-esque, David plays an almost identical role to Ash (and eventually meets a very similar end) and the film explores the same rape and childbirth-horror themes as did the original film.
And those writers? Oh geeze. Deus ex machina's ALL OVER the damn place. I especially love the Lucas-esque past, which is MORE advanced then the future?
This leads him to bust up a scheme by an Illuminati-esque group of businessmen to control a major natural resource.
 I would have loved to have seen a Matthew Fox-esque emotive rant that LOST fans have come to appreciate, but it just never happened.
The villain is appropriately slimy and lizard-esque.
Cars 2 just feels very flat emotionally, and loaded with Michael Bay-esque pyrotechnics to compensate.
 The performances are all around solid.  Dennis Hopper turns in a clever and decidedly Hopper-esque performance as a reluctant Philistine general.
Any fool can guess what the outcome of this CINDERELLA-esque story will be.
 The acting is goofy, the special effects are &quot;Clash of the Titans&quot;-esque, and Ash seems to get his shotgun out of nowhere after coming out of the pit; but, you love it anyway cause its funny and good for a viewing at anytime of the day or night.
 To show off contemporary versions (circa 1990) of Ray Harryhausen-esque stop-motion techniques:<p>The special effects, while dated in the face of CGI prodigiousness, are enormous and spectacular.
Along with the use of natural sound, it creates a credible documentary-esque ambience.
 The plot is pretty good.  Great action, although it does get a little Transformers-esque over the top a few times.
 To my delight, it was very thrilling and Hitchcock-esque in nature.
This series is a great, although it ended before its time. The Daniel Clowes-esque animation is terrific.
 Look at the SPACE MARINE board and video games, and read past HEAVY METAL  issues and look for &quot;Alien-esque&quot; storylines ( where a bunch of  people are out destroying aliens &amp; bugs with cool weaponry ).
Director James Cameron takes us more into an action oriented Alien movie then the horror-esque type of the first film, and it's done extremely well, engrossing you (for the most part) from the first scene, to the very last.
It's a very simple RPG-esque plot, but it's the journey that makes the movie.
 Leslie Nielsen plays the President in typical Airplane-esque fashion.
 Elisha Cuthbert is ethereal, with a Marilyn Monroe-esque appeal.
 Westerns are supposed to be either John Wayne-esque fantasies or gritty realistic dramas.
It is the beginning of the more internalised works by Cronenberg, though there are still some horror elements (the Giger-esque instruments for operating on mutant women and the dream sequence).
He also has an intentional cameo later on in the movie. His brief performance isn't exactly Hitchcockian or Tarantino-esque, but I think he makes out okay.
In isolation, ideas like Devastator (a massive robot made up of seven lesser ones), the Pretender (a Terminator-esque Decepticon assassin that can pass as human) or Jetfire (an elderly Decepticon who switched sides to join the Autobots, got bored with the war and has spent decades disguised as an exhibit in the Smithsonian) could have made for interesting scenes or story points.
Reintroducing the concept into this film seemed like a good idea and the effects are excellent, if a little Terminator-esque, but Alice's overall inclusion just seems superfluous.
And the swearing? Out of place! The Jar Jar Binks-esque comedy relief just added another layer of disappointment.
The utilization of the Decepticon-esque chants and the serene vocals of Lisbeth Scott, really play up the polarizing moments of the movie.
 There may be a few too many Michael Bay-esque shots.
Another tantilizing lesbian-esque victorian sizzling story with a great plot, outstanding performances, and superb BBC production values.
Reminds me of this scene from Annie Hall:<br /><br />Pam: Sex with you is really a Kafka-esque experience.
But when Norman Mailer-esque novelist Tom Colt (David Janssen) threatens her father in a bar, January finds someone with whom to act out her father fixation.
 The Kafka-esque storyline is meant to be so outrageous as to be funny and if taken in that spirit many of the scenes are very entertaining indeed.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
Instead I was disappointed to find an Indianna Jones-esque adventure.
 His voice here is the most Beatle-esque and only he could carry this tune the way it should be.
As a fan of war-esque cinema, I have seen the greats: Saving Private Ryan, Band of Brothers, First Blood, etc.
Let me just start out by saying how much I LOVE this show... Never did I think I would love a "musical-esque" TV Show!
The annoying Disney-esque familiar to our villain, Rasputan, is an obnoxious little white bat (which channels Iago from Aladdin) who inexplicably moves from being a sinister and vindictive side-kick to an unwilling and disinterested participant to his master's evil scheme.
 And really, that's all you can ask for.<br /><br />Set in the not-so-distant future, a very Palin-esque United States President sends a new mission to the moon.
 As a result, you end up with some tragically babel fish-esque translations.
 Although not a highly original or edgy film, it does goes well beyond the barriers of a typical Disney-esque movie.
 The production values are A-team-esque, Mamets lauded dialoge makes Judge Dredd look like Alexander Hamilton, and you'll be left playing with the contrast on your television as you wonder if there are people acting out scenes somewhere within all those dramatic shadows.
He spews the Nazi-esque propaganda with nary a flaw or pause, his powerful preaching frightening convincing at times.
Pierce Brosnan heats up the screen with Rene Russo in this hot little remake.  Although Bond-esque characteristics are present, Brosnan delivers a look at his corrupt and witty side as an actor.
Both of them still being ogres does nothing for the Hollywood-esque society.
Herbert Lom is in top form as the stalking, phantom-esque madman (this is no spoiler, as we are shown this in the first five minutes).
With the help of Green Day, Albert Brooks (the french bowler Jacques or Hank Scorpio, the Bond-esque villain from the show) and Tom Hanks, the film's at least a winner a good chunk of the time which is surprising considering the actual show's output lately.
Ben Affleck is at his Gigli-esque worst, displaying a grand total of two emotions as the genius-level intellectual willing to wipe the memory of his work after every assignment in exchange for a few extra dollar signs.
Fans of the original 65-episode series (Season 1) where M.A.S.K. and V.E.N.O.M. engaged in G.I. Joe-esque warfare were baffled by the show's retooled format change to a short-lived 10-episode "racing series" (Season 2).
Thwack, Splash).  CBS billed this series as a Survivor-esque meets "Scream" format--meaning, each week one (or more) character is murdered, narrowing down the field of potential suspects before the ultimate reveal at the end.
Is there a goofy synth score on hand? Yep. Generic Rocky-esque theme song?
In a Pacino/DeNiro-esque face-off, Wong and Sam smugly challenge each other to find their respective moles.
This is a brilliantly conceived Michael Mann-esque police drama.
Instead I was disappointed to find an Indianna Jones-esque adventure.
Jessica Lange was good but kept veering from a Kennedy-esque drawl to a Southern-something accent.
 <p>Leonardo Dicaprio plays Romeo as a misunderstood James Dean-esque rebel with a mysterious aura about him.
DiCaprio's very Shakespeare-in-the-Park-esque Romeo was rather disappointing.
This movie has almost none of the magic of the original. The Stifler-esque racist, the butthole cooks, it was just boring.
The Bottom Line:<br /><br />Though the ending feels somewhat Twilight Zone-esque and doesn't measure up to the rest of the screenplay, this is by and large an exceptionally well-written and acted movie that hurtles through its 138 minute running length and hardly feels a bit dated.
The girl grows up to be a stripper, played blandly by a Lolita-esque Jessica Alba.
The characters ramble on in moments of deep thought, revealing what makes them tick. It's filled to the brim with Arnold-esque one-liners.
There's also a lot of Tarantino-esque recursion in the plot line (not to mention that the character of Miho is straight out the Crazy-88 in _Kill Bill_, and so are her weapons), reminiscent of _Pulp Fiction_: The beginning isn't necessarily the beginning, nor is the end the end.
The "special-effects" graphics and video manipulation delivering cartoon-esque visual cinema has been done ad nauseum--"Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid", "Roger Rabbitt", "Forrest Gump", "Gladiator", are all better examples of like talents used to better results.
The girl grows up to be a stripper, played blandly by a Lolita-esque Jessica Alba.
 Expanses of wild ocean, unexplored wilderness, toll collecting trolls and even Peter Pan-esque pirate ships make the grade in The Lost Treasure.
 Don't let that keep you away.  The film moves quickly, is exciting and has a decent score(a very Goblin-esque score from Fabio Frizzi).
Simon Zealotes is a Rambo-esque character and comes complete with machine guns and bandoleers.
 Her dad was an old pothead and very Willie-esque in his way, so I think that made it extra funny for her.
Without Godard writing the blueprint on how to be a film essayist, there wouldn't be a Tarantino-esque (QT also owes a lot to Elmore Leonard, Scorsese, DePalma, and blaxploitation.
 He soon abondons his Kafka-esque existence and stops going to work, dumps his nagging b**tch of a girlfriend, and gets the courage to ask out a disgruntled waitress (Aniston).
Yes, it was a little High Fidelity-esque as it recounted relationships-gone-by, but it was new life in an old mold.
 While I might accept this type of unresolved discontinuity in a Raimi-esque splatter-fest, I expect more out of a movie that presents itself as a 'serious' horror.
 I kept laughing at the ridiculous MacGyver-esque schemes the main character devised to outwit dangerous professional killers.
I love the music in the film, it's repetitive, addictive, and Fame-esque.
As far as urban Frankenstein-esque movies go, Indestructible Man isn't that bad; the decision to have Chaney utter no lines whatsoever after his execution and resurrection seems like a wise move, but then you think about how many additional lines this threw Max Showalter's way.
 That little plot twist, as well as the neighbor child's CARRIE-esque psychokinetic abilities should make it clear that we are entering the realm of the absurd here.
If not for the PG-13 rating, G.I. Joe-esque "laser bullets," and occasional moments of cheese and campiness, I'd probably be so bold as to consider this "quintessential" for action junkies.
 Stratham demonstrates his kick-boxing talents and makes mush out of anyone who crosses him.  But it's the suave, Bond-esque manner in which his character conducts his "business" that makes this a really cool flick.
John Ratzenberger pops up as a strikingly Bumble-esque Yeti, and Frank Oz and Bonnie Hunt round out the team.
Well, except for Liam, of course, who can even recite a poem his dad wrote, something Hemingway-esque, nihilistic and macho.
beautifully flawed. and the villain-esque guy is so powerful.
 Uniqua plays an Indian Jones-esque librarian who does her best to recover overdue library books.
 Even though you hate the film itself, for being too Disney-esque.
There are also several interludes of folk-esque dances and songs for the rest of cast.
 Its just too put on, too preschool teacher-esque.
 Or maybe it's the Percy-esque element of his films.
Try it on a cracker.<br />*Gilliam-esque in the sense that the show features animations.
 If that matters to you.<br /><br />Apparently there are a lot of tokers who love this kind of Tarantino-esque stuff along with their pot-themed Apatow comedy, but it mostly just didn't work for me.
This incident would begin the buddy comedy-esque story filled with cat and mouse style pursuing, ridiculous humor in between, moderate violence and a shootout towards the end of the flick.
Some might find the comparison unfair, but it really isn't. Both have that Jerry Bruckheimer-esque action quality to them.
 The "typical" for VanDamme, this movie is very Bruce Lee-esque and highly entertaining!
A year after the couragous mutant team known as the X-Men, there has been a terrorist mutant attack made by Devil-esque mutant named Nightcrawler (Alan Cumming) in the White House.
When we aren't being treated to T&A, we get cackling Templar-esque monks and rampaging ninja, samurai and Shaolin zombies!
Natalie Portman sports one of the best, most adorable Pageboy Bobs in the universe. Her amazing "young Uma Thurman-esque" face and voice and acting are amplified 100-fold by the hairstyle that she so unfortnuatly had for only this one movie.
This one does get off to a good start and the Rod Sterling-esque premise is interesting.
My roommate describes this film as Stanley Kubrick-esque.
It's a role that was made for him. This movie has some cheesy scenes that are quite 1980s-esque, but you'll probably enjoy them.
 Throughout the show's seven seasons, the tone of the show matured from a teen-esque drama with vampires to a girl accepting her destiny and facing an oncoming apocalypse, and to the surprise of many the show actually worked thanks to the stong cast and pop-culture laced dialogue, and some astonishingly human stories.
 "The Master Minds" are a MENSA-esque high-I.
 I went into 'Charlie's Angels' wanting only to see a little Bond-esque action and, of course, Lucy Liu.
Every time the film employs cheesy '70s-esque montage sequences, every time the camera goes wicked slow when the girls toss their hair, and every time an action scene comes up (which takes things from films like The Matrix, Mission: Impossible, and True Lies), it's all a parody.
 GITS has spawned a Blade Runner-esque <a href="http://www.
 The excellent battle scenes and cool philip dick-esque plot make this purchase a must for those wanting any anime.
 The movie was a little top heavy with typical Shatner-esque self-indulgence(he directed of course).
Richie is appalled by the idea, thus setting up a series of cruel jokes, misunderstandings, and CURB/SEINFELD-esque mishaps where Evan and Richie end up without girlfriends and their sanity.
 In the games, Liu Kang was always one of my least favorite characters, due to his overblown Bruce Lee-esque imitation, but this film removes that, preventing him from being annoying.
Mary Pickford's excellent screwball-esque timing and Douglas Fairbanks' overbearingly forward personality prove that the two should not have been on the decline.
 It rises above the source material in so many ways, and injects alot of Kafka-esque black humor.
This Sci-fi action is filled with grotesque mutilation, regurgitation, and lots of pornagrafic-esque monsters and scenes.
 Kinski is suitably virgin-esque and McDowell suitably slimy.
Her eyebrow were that exquisite Madonna-esque thickness, her lips in a permanent state of partial openness with full-on pout, her hair cut to that boyish cute, and her shoulder pads speaking volumes about her feminine authority.
But for those wanting to experience something a little different- a Hollywood-esque attempt at a history lesson with some tango, pop, and theatre thrown in, EVITA may be the movie for you.
Are they merely a whimsical afterthought to the plot to give the kids some cartoonish mayhem or a Fellini-esque effort to disorient the audience even further in this already baffling world?
 The conflict is room temperature at best.<p> I think they were hoping for a Firm-esque thing here, one got that feeling from the previews.
A particularly pleasing set is Caleb's bachelor pad-esque room, furnished to the nines beyond what any kid could afford.
 As the director Joe Carnahan commented in the 'making of' featurettes, there is a Dante-esque feel that the two cops are descending further and further into Hell, and their facades become more and more stripped away, revealing Oak to be some sort of a madman.
Instead I was disappointed to find an Indianna Jones-esque adventure.
Perhaps it's the PG rating, but I feel that the dark side of Montana--seamy, smoke-filled, Lolo-esque, where lost souls lurk in the shadows of drunkenness and addiction--is never fully realized (case-in-point: Paul, as well as Jessie's brother).
I love Lily Tomlin's Disney-esque dream sequence, the one that causes the most problems.
Yes it's got cardio combined w/ strength but, like other reviewers noted, the transitions are choppy [read: goofy 90s-esque graphics that seque into each segment].
Didn't really make much sense to stupid me. <p>Don't go into this expecting a great, Armageddon-esque film.
With its exquisite black-and-white shots of Monument Valley, assured acting, and Custer-esque storyline, "Apache" is an enduring Western winner.
 The gang is headed up by a slimey, Fagin-esque Robin Williams, to whom the kids give the money they earn as street buskers.
 While walking around the streets of New York he meets a wise talking, Boondocks-esque musical prodigy named Arthur who leads him to a group of other musical prodigies.
 Robin Williams is wiley as the Fagin-esque Wizard and the pizza thing reminds me of Oliver Twist "Please Sir, I want more!
 It also has a definite <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000GW8UAE">Simon & Simon - Season One</a>-esque feel to it, being as it is the story of two unlikely and completely opposite partners and the more-than-it-seems adventure they find themselves falling into.
A group of teenagers happen upon an island inhabited by Katherine Victor as the sociopathic, Vampira-esque mad scientist "Doctor Myrna"; and her zombie horde.
And it never strays to the realm of the over-the-top murder tales that are full of larger-than-life characters and Clue-esque easy answers.
I can see why this long pregnant wait leaves some viewers wraught. But personally I found this Agatha Christie-esque unravelling of each individual's idiosynchrasies fascinating, because it sets up a "motive" for several of our characters.
It's twice as much fun if many people COULD have executed the murder. <p>Enter: Stephen Fry as a very Sherlock Holmes-esque investigator, pipe and trenchcoat and all.
Sandler doesn't feel miscast, in fact he's quite good, despite some Sandler-esque bits (his dialogue during a rather strange love scene is very reminiscent of his other stuff) but I think his presence suggests this is going to be a low-brow humor geared to frat boys.
 Parts are very "Taming of the Shrew"-esque.
This film tells a powerful story, a "Crime and Punishment"-esque recovery of the soul, except without the ending that Dostoevsky had in his novel.
 This is not the shoddy Ted Turner-esque colorization of the 1980s, and the advance of technology in the interim decades certainly shows in a positive way.
 They must rise to the supreme challenge after the reigning superhero, a corporate-sponsored, Ken Doll-esque Greg Kinnear, gets vaporized by one of the good guys.
 In particular, the show trial scene is movie-making of the highest order with a knockout Downfall-esque performance by Andr&eacute; Hennicke as Richter Dr.
As far as urban Frankenstein-esque movies go, Indestructible Man isn't that bad; the decision to have Chaney utter no lines whatsoever after his execution and resurrection seems like a wise move, but then you think about how many additional lines this threw Max Showalter's way.
As far as urban Frankenstein-esque movies go, Indestructible Man isn't that bad; the decision to have Chaney utter no lines whatsoever after his execution and resurrection seems like a wise move, but then you think about how many additional lines this threw Max Showalter's way.
However, his Peter  Jackson-esque sense of humor does not fit in though.
 It is utterly and completely lacking of the fairy tale-esque brightness he usually brings to his films.
Jonathan Glazer's Sexy Beast. (The only other exceptions would be Gangster No.1 and Guy Ritchie's own highly Lock Stock-esque Snatch).
She needed that scene.<p>On one hand, also, I did get some enjoyment from the trippy 2001-esque sequences; on the other hand, though, some things in the film are just sloppily handled, like the choice of music at certain points.
 <p>Danny Devito plays what may well have been his last truly funny role, made all the more hilarious because his Brando-esque character takes himself almost as seriously as DeVito takes himself these days.
the voice of the prosecutor is done by John Vernon, the actor who portrayed Dean Wormer in Animal House), the EC-esque B-17 (aka Gremlins, which went through so many script revisions, it's a miracle it got finished at all), the bizarrely hilarious So Beautiful And So Dangerous (ok, maybe there's some truth to the juvenilia charges during this segment, but only a corpse could keep from laughing at this piece), and revenge scenario of Taarna (imagine a tougher, sexier version of Xena, only about a decade and a half earlier).
Considering the Columbine type content, I'm surprised it hasn't been banned. It's an 80's shocker, kind of Fight Club-esque.
After Veronica begins to despise her supposed friends, she meets up with Jason Dean, played by the young "Jack Nicholson-esque" Christian Slater, whom helps to escalate this hatred for the Heathers (and some others.
"T2" immediately does away with the Del James-esque poetics of the first film and goes for pure commercialism.
 This after his picture-esque Norman Rockwell-type family is uprooted by the kidnapping of his nine-year-old daughter.
 I'm not going to whine about how the end just didn't tie it all in together. I'm not going to complain about the MTV-esque version of &quot;Wise Up&quot; in the middle of the film.
 Because I knew of the multiple storylines, i expected something tarantino-esque with something that tied together neatly.
 "F*** it, I'm outta here!" he proclaims only to find himself running in and out of Scooby Doo-esque doors and encountering both chaos and madness.
 I really liked the characters of Cher and Josh and their sibling-esque rivalry that blossomed into love and a lot of the parallels with the book were funny, but this isn't one of my favorite movies or even adaptations.
 I needed something from Callow that brought these two out of the David Lynch-esque relationship that they had.
still maintain some basic traits which are representative of their species, they also operate as fable-esque types who satirize many human traits.
The creatures in this movie are quite HP Lovecraft-esque as they are all done by animatronics rather then CGI and the gore effects are so over the top such as the eyeball ripping sequence for instance that you'll need an umbrella to prevent more blood from spilling.
My bellydance group loves Amira. We're middle-aged, thick in the waist, and easily threatened by Fonda-esque-aerobic-teacher-style bellydance DVDs.
Meryl Streep was excellent in her portrayal of the Anna Wintour-esque Mirande Priestley, but that alone doesn't make this film worth watching.
 Meryl Streep, of course, wins hands down as Cruella DeVille-esque Miranda as she obviously enjoys torturing those in the lower chain of command, yet she also shows a vulnerable side that makes you both respect and sympathize with her.
The 2nd nightclub scene and the Bond-esque gadget scene brought a smile to me :)<p>- There are 2 commentaries, and I've only seen the one with Snipes and Del Toro, and it proved forgettable.
If you like Tim Burtons work, you will appreciate the skewed perspectives, the painted sets, and the Edward Scissorhads-esque "Somnambulist".
With bold, "Pee-Wee's Playhouse"-like doors, Burton-esque buildings, and a dream-like town, director Robert Wiene (along with his set designer and cinematographer) was well beyond the 1900s.
The 2nd nightclub scene and the Bond-esque gadget scene brought a smile to me :)<p>- There are 2 commentaries, and I've only seen the one with Snipes and Del Toro, and it proved forgettable.
 From the aptly named Basil of Baker Street to the clever update on the Watson-esque character (Dr.
Though the movie ends with a more Spielberg-esque ending than the book, the conclusion still left me in tears.
This fact turned off a large number of viewers who were looking for another Spiderman-esque kid-friendly film.
Her craft is impeccable. It's too bad that the film falls short dramatically at times, often resorting to Disney-esque sentiment while it abandons the harsher realities of life in favor of a family friendly PG-13 rating.
Many parts of the movie make me laugh out loud. Especially the scenes with Oldman and his Newton-esque experiments.
The glorious nuances of their expression and delivery contrast very nicely with their Laurel and Hardy-esque interpretation of the two characters.
Bree (Marcia Cross) has become a minor superstar with her Martha Stewart-esque line of products and recipes, which doesn't go over well with her ex-con husband (Kyle MacLachlan), who takes it as an attack on his machismo.
Splendidly combining live-animal action with Jim Henson-esque animatronics, Noonan's irresistible "Babe" is a story about flouting convention and realizing one's potential.
In the outdoors of England, Scottish archeologist Angus Mcflint (Peter Capaldi) has discovered an ancient dinosaur-esque skull in his backyard with a symbol in the ground.
beautiful and spectacular.  This is simply an escape ...fun, sensational musical numbers, gorgeous costumes, Fosse-esque dance routines, fantastic singing by Cher and Christina .
"Everyday" (also Gabriella and Troy) is in the same vein, a Britney-esque bouncer with a finale that seems literally straight out of a black church.
"Everyday" (also Gabriella and Troy) is in the same vein, a Britney-esque bouncer with a finale that seems literally straight out of a black church.
The only reason  I can see why it has not received more notice is a lack of marketing and  big-name stars. &quot;Capra-esque&quot; in the best sense, it puts to shame &quot;Major League&quot; and would-be mythic silliness as  &quot;The Natural.
Everyone is extremely Barbie-esque - perfect posture, perfect hair, perfect nails, perfect smiles, all while wearing back-breaking high-heel shoes.
The Roaring 20s fascinate me; and especially when combined with Tinseltown lore. Add to that a Hollywood Babylon-esque murder mystery (which may or may not have taken place), and how could I say no?
The lack of sharp edges on characters' hair makes them look more like they're all sporting some sort of dreadlock-esque style.
They were clearly going for a mix of the series with a Ghibli-esque, very rounded, look.
 They were under some tremdous pressure to do the film I understand.  When it comes to crude, John Waters-esque humor, I usually find it more amusing than I do funny.
Even still, his work breathes further life into a film that was already bubbling over with the stuff. With a Burton-esque sense of humor, a rich, vibrant plot that never seems to take a break and some grand, convincing special effects, it's a gothic fairy tale with a little something for everybody.
As other reviewers have mentioned here this film has a definite Burton-esque quality to it, which is no bad thing, and shows how good a job the actual director, Brad Silberling, did.
A beautiful, Tim Burton-esque adaptation of the popular children's book series.
I've never read the books, but I found this movie to be quite entertaining in a dreary, Tim Burton-esque way.
 Except for a few Carey-esque smirks and squeals that really didn't reach the level of annoyance that I usually feel watching a Jim Carey movie, he does an outstanding job.
There's a lot of good relationships, some movie-esque episodes, still no-need for a laugh track, more action, and another season finale that doesn't disappoint.
He's straight gangsta, yo.<br /><br />While the Rear Window-esque voyeur element is rather inspired, nothing else in the film really is.
Andrews has a crackling Bogart-esque presence here, which makes us like the only honest guy in the movie, and Webb is brilliant as the tart-tongued, frustrated Waldo, who sees Laura as his personal Galatea.
 Why? Predictability.  Design is always the same.  Stick figure-esque, almost surreal imagery is in every flick.
 Assuming you can see though its typically  Burton-esque fog of gloom, you will find some good actors struggling  within.
 The story is also compelling, with a rather Lord of the Rings-esque fantasy appeal.
Everyone here is pitch-perfect: Hepburn, Holden, Bogie and the incomparable Billy Wilder.  This is a classic Cinderella-esque story of a young, poor girl hopelessly in love with the son of her father's employer.
 Instead of a powerful story being the central focus of the film, we were bombarded, nearly drowned, in model-esque images of the people of NYC and how only the very beautiful are attracted to the very beautiful.
I have never seen a film that can juggle Python-esque humor and Gladiator-esque emotion so well - nor have I seen a film that has even attempted it, let alone met with success!
 I even enjoyed the Kyle MacLachlan-esque style of Andras Jones - then there was Ted Raimi, whom didn't almost fit within this film, but still made it fun to see him sweat.
Why would he cut an important keystone of the book's plot? Yet he decides to replace that with Cuban Missile Crisis-esque conflict down on Earth, which feels incredibly irrelevant in present year of 2004.
Edgar Hoover-esque way at the time), arrest his sister, Bonnie Redbow, on some bogus drug charge.
 Add to that the fact that she has Audrey Hepburn-esque beauty (a grand statement to make, I know, but she won me over on first glance), and you'd think she'd be a star for a long time.
Some of the scenes where they are driving down to Mexico are very Hunter S. Thompson-esque.
 Some of Woods and Belushi's banter is Jerry Seinfeld and Larry David-esque.
I have never seen a film that can juggle Python-esque humor and Gladiator-esque emotion so well - nor have I seen a film that has even attempted it, let alone met with success!
I  would say that it is his most 'Fellini-esque' film yet.
I would say that it is his more Felini-esque film  yet.
 He was the Salinger-esque character that was well defined, strong, and understandable.
Wonderful, lush 1920s period costuming and bucolic English countryside with a Vaughn Williams-esque music score draw you into the story of these lovers, and left me wanting more.
Price&quot; (and he even grew a Vincent-esque mustache.
 Neeson is very convincing as a calm, collected, demolition man who knows all sorts of random, McGuyver-esque tricks and barely breaks a sweat as he chases cars on foot, takes out a dozen guys in a minute, and breaks all manners of bones and heads, while wrecking parts of Paris, to track down his daughter.
the bus ride,  the post office, the climactic MAN WHO KNEW TOO MUCH-esque ballet sequence and the fight in the cottage.
 I even enjoyed the Kyle MacLachlan-esque style of Andras Jones - then there was Ted Raimi, whom didn't almost fit within this film, but still made it fun to see him sweat.
But for those wanting to experience something a little different- a Hollywood-esque attempt at a history lesson with some tango, pop, and theatre thrown in, EVITA may be the movie for you.
Allen reaches Buster Keaton-esque comedic greatness here--battling a giant pudding, surviving an Orgasmatron, morphing into Blanche Dubois--and has a naturally funny, gentle rapport with Keaton, the perfect foil.
 More reliant on Chaplin-esque visual gags than any of his other movies, there are some parts that Allen himself now finds childish and embarrassing.
Woody Allen stars as a man who was frozen for 200 years and emerges into a 1984-esque world of a controlling government and pleasurable technology.
The glut of weak, DIY-esque backdrops and special effects make the arrival of Star Wars just four years later seem even more impressive by comparison.
Nightmares, hello! He appears in an almost Adam & Eve-esque scenario.
Apart from being another &quot;Scream&quot;-esque potboiler, one gory death scene (which is the only gory scene) seems to borrow from Italian horror masters like Lucio Fulci and Dario Argento.
Apart from being another &quot;Scream&quot;-esque potboiler, one gory death scene (which is the only gory scene) seems to borrow from Italian horror masters like Lucio Fulci and Dario Argento.
Javier Bardem steals the show here as a zombie-esque bad guy who kills people with a cattle gun as he stalks Josh Brolin who has Bardem's $2 million from a drug deal gone bad.
 Even the snow scene conjures up "St. Louis"-esque visions.
As a direct result, only in her vocal abilities throughout the film does she truly excel; that rich Garland-esque bravado rocking the speakers with a powerful zest for the material she's been given.
 Neeson is very convincing as a calm, collected, demolition man who knows all sorts of random, McGuyver-esque tricks and barely breaks a sweat as he chases cars on foot, takes out a dozen guys in a minute, and breaks all manners of bones and heads, while wrecking parts of Paris, to track down his daughter.
And there's my biggest complaint. Why do so many horror movies feel the need to use the I Know What You Did Last Summer-esque "look, there's gonna be a sequel" ending?
Very artsy. Kafka-esque plot about paranoia and insanity.
As for the film itself - by now, everyone knows that it's a Campbell-esque &quot;hero's journey&quot; dressed up as a gothic horror/suspense yarn.
This movie, and others are set in a romantic European-esque period about the turn of the last century.
Solid grimy bluesy rnb/soul, with a Stevie Wonder-esque clapping break, but nothing remarkable.
 Don't let that keep you away.  The film moves quickly, is exciting and has a decent score(a very Goblin-esque score from Fabio Frizzi).
humming<p>  The violins set up a nice theremin-esque sound at the start of this one, with John Baggot providing backing on the keyboards.
humming<p>  The violins set up a nice theremin-esque sound at the start of this one, with John Baggot providing backing on the keyboards.
its..."mature" aspects. No there's no sex but there's some small amounts of violence(don't worry, nothing Sleepy Hollow-esque here).
 The president (a Clinton-esque Bill Bullman) calls upon military services to fight these creatures.
After megadoses of Terminator-esque computerized special effects, I love a good low budget flick where the film makers make the most with what they have.
There's one sequence where a &quot;Godfather&quot;-esque character is upset about a family member's death, tosses up his arms, and the camera literally stays with the group for a minute afterwards as the actors kick dirt around and fidget, apparently anxious for the director to yell &quot;Cut!
Both of them still being ogres does nothing for the Hollywood-esque society.
Unlike the so-so comic book-esque TOMBSTONE, WYATT EARP tells the real story and takes its time doing so.
 This duo evidently wanted to capture a somber Louis L'Amour-esque look on-screen (the costuming is a dead giveaway), as their tragic interpretation of Earp's life story often resembles an Old West version of "The Godfather," replacing mobsters with frontier cops.
 Returning to Missouri to study law under his grandfather (Giorgio E. Tripoli), a judge, he revives a Dante-esque romance with Urilla Sutherland (Annabeth Gish), marries her, loses her to typhoid within a year, and goes on a nine-month drunk that ends when he steals a horse and is bailed out by his father.
The music is very intricately orchestrated and sung and the look is very Burton-esque in it's stylized appearance.
With breathtaking animation as only Pixar can provide, nonstop comedy, James Bond-esque chase sequences, and wildly caricatured characters, Ratatouille is easily one of the best films of the summer.
A Disney-esque fable about a self-taught rat who becomes a great chef by pulling the hair on a dopey kid who happens to be the illegitimate offspring of another great chef.
 I really enjoyed them and am very glad to have them in my collection.  "First Men in the Moon" is almost Disney-esque in it's quality.
 We remember Oz and Will make love.  Watching Willow fall in love with Tara or Buffy with Riley or Spike become a Disney-esque wacky sidekick, we couldn't handle it.
Christopher Walken has a great time doing a parody of himself throughout the movie. He's hilarious as he does his Walken-esque soliloquies for everyone except the people that might actually have gotten a clue from his ramblings and figured out that this backwoods bad guy has more than one screw loose.
 But after watching these from a much more aged perspective, I think I'd have to vote for Mokey, the serene hippy-esque matron of the clique.
 Why does the film become detrimentally Disney-esque in Scottie's risible nightmare sequence?
I wanted to like this movie. I really did. Edgy Barry Levinson-esque camerawork, some truly funny moments, an A-list cast who must have worked for scale, the whole nine yards.
 T.K. Carter and a list of other cameo-esque bit parts bring it home.
 The main story (the arson) felt peppered into a dull, dry, Lifetime-esque movie.
I actually enjoyed the fact that Trinity took on a sort of Shaft-esque vibe, especially in the opening sequence where Blade emerges from the fire and the camera freezes at various points in the action during the credits, very much like what you'd see in a 70's blaxpoitation film.
As for the film itself - by now, everyone knows that it's a Campbell-esque &quot;hero's journey&quot; dressed up as a gothic horror/suspense yarn.
 Some nice slow-motion, Matrix-esque bullet dodging scenes, and the JCVD kicks are always classic, but there's just too much to truly enjoy.
Rodman's character, a shady special arms dealer, does add some brightness with his 007-esque cadre of tech gadgets.
if you are looking for a Dirty Harry-esque cool fest from eastwood, you will be dissappointed.
 But a dreadfully dull Tarzan-esque battle with the main villainess, unrealistic bullet dodging, and an anti-climactic airplane crash quickly rescind this action vehicle's license to thrill.
Hilarious stunts, ridiculous cheesy little Spielberg-esque asides (the drunk in the alley), horrible one-liners.
 But, who watches this sorta film for the plot?  Stylistically, I was shocked by just how Fulci-esque this film is.
Although the Italian horror/slasher genre of the 1970's includes many films that aren't exactly Disney-esque, I found "The New York Ripper" to be a particularly unpleasant ride.
 In the games, Liu Kang was always one of my least favorite characters, due to his overblown Bruce Lee-esque imitation, but this film removes that, preventing him from being annoying.
We open with shots of a lit up and pretty cityscape of LA with Gerswin-esque music playing a la Woody Allen's Manhattan.
 The song is cool but the middle eastern-esque keyboard breaks get annoying when we all know that Jimmy Page could be soloing.
But more importantly, his acting was tepid and his assumed accent was an abomination. It vacillated from Spanish-esque, French-esque, to Irish brogue, and sort of settled in the Irish range for the duration of the movie.
Splendidly combining live-animal action with Jim Henson-esque animatronics, Noonan's irresistible "Babe" is a story about flouting convention and realizing one's potential.
Let me just start out by saying how much I LOVE this show... Never did I think I would love a "musical-esque" TV Show!
For somebody that knows nothing about Tintin, this is an Indiana Jones-esque story that is fun and action packed.
the World) and Joe Cornish (Attack the Block). It opens with a Saul Bass-esque sequence which is so full of energy and charm that I knew I was in for something special.
 This film suffered from being a derivative, watered  down, pseudo-Tarantino-esque knock off.
I sat down to be entertained by a light Spielberg-esque film and ended up flabbergasted at how much her performance affected me.
The story line is simple - good vs. evil, so what really carries this movie are the Matrix-esque special effects and, more than anything, the martial arts.
 <p>Amazing effects, like Li's encounter with the motorcycle cops or his Matrix-esque dodging of bullets.
This movie is almost Parent Trap-esque with Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen playing two different girls, yet it also has definite overtones of the Prince and the Pauper.
<p>If you are looking for a sedative, "Glitter" is the film for you. If you're not, skip this Ishtar-esque flop and look for something else to watch.
Sound levels are inconsistant throughout- a ballet lesson by the Nazi-esque Miss Tanner is very loud, but the famous double murder at the beginning of the film is subdued to the point of losing much of it's impact!
 It's also got some great, Leone-esque staging and camera work, as it drags the scene out as long as dramatically possible, alternating between extreme long-shots and extreme close-ups.
 It can be at times over-acted and soap-opera-esque.
Don't let the mild mannered Beatles' album-esque cover of this movie fool you.
 If you like Love Stories, then buy this movie.  Crouching Tiger has it all. Drama, matrix-esque fight scenes.
 If you are looking for a slapstick Jackie Chan-esque martial arts fun-fest in the vein of Drunken Master, this IS NOT your movie.
Personally, I was hoping for a season 8, 9, and 10, but then we might have been treated to a bunch of Stargate SG-1-esque final chapters.
Embamingu is a murder mystery/thriller-esque film where a high school student named Yoshiki Shindo, (Masatoshi Matsuo; he plays Toshio Yabe three years later in Kyoshi Kurosawa's Kairo), who mysteriously falls from a building and dies.
Max (Jean Gabin at his most Mitchum-esque), an aging hood who has pulled off a massive airport robbery and plans to retire quietly to the country, sits in his apartment one night with his old friend, the somewhat lunk-headed Riton (Rene Dary).
If you are looking for Simpsons-esque punchlines or the predictable situations of Seinfeld, look elsewhere.
Diddy himself manages to do more than stare blankly with mouth agape.  The Raymond Carver-esque story intertwines a series of tragedies stemming from an execution, all of which could become camp if it weren't for the capable approach of director Marc Forster.
 I could care less about the silly flash-esque games, the documentaries, storyboards, family game night features, sing-a-long, crap.
When an important executive of the NASA-esque company where Hawke works is murdered, he becomes the prime suspect when an eyelash of his is identifed during the police investigation.
Granted, Gattaca certainly tries to be all things to all people - it sells itself variously as a Philip K. Dick-esque sci-fi, as a Tense Political Thriller, an Edgy Romance, even as a Rumination on Filial Love and Obligation - but in my book it fails badly on every count.
 And of course Rob Reiner's Capra-esque moment is Shepard fighting back at the end, defending his membership of the ACLU and the rights of his girlfriend to burn flags.
The theme here is definitely over-the-top Cir De Soleil and Pinks first costume is a revealing ringmaster-esque design while her back up dancers resemble mimes and clowns.
 Its just too put on, too preschool teacher-esque.
 He meets a Heidi-esque girl and falls in love, and they too, end up in space.
There is something for everyone. Look for Busby Berkley-esque musical numbers, cameo performances by the three stooges, Fred Astaire's screen debut as Joan's dancing partner, and a Nelson Eddy performance that pre-dates his Jeanette MacDonald days.
 Almost every joke, gag and laughable moment is mostly original with a Family Guy-esque feel.
Woody Allen has never made a secret of Ingmar Bergman's influence on his work.  VICKY CRISTINA BARCELONA is very Bergman-esque, but it also somehow remains distinctly Woody Allen.
 In lots of ways, the basic plot is pretty Giallo-esque.
the protagonists are regular people, every character matters, the killer's motivation is very giallo-esque (can't be completely specific w/o giving too much away) most everything proves to be connected, and the mandatory twist ending is more of a ludicrous sick joke than a grand revelation.
the really deranged puppet the killer has popping up at crucial moments, and the Samurai-esque costume he wears when on the attack.
I absolutely love this show.  The dialogue is entertaining, witty, and fast paced, the sets are fun and Tim Burton-esque, and the actors meld together so naturally and are all incredible talents.
 The premise was interesting, the visuals were good (somewhat Tim Burton-esque as another reviewer noted), and the actors were fine.
 In a major Hollywood movie?  <p>To take a Michael Moore-esque view on one final note, we see common thugs and low-lives with automatic weapons wounding and killing innocents, and never even question how such dangerous weapons got into their hands, but somehow this is justified  when a bunch of guys in black kill them off one by one.
 To my delight, it was very thrilling and Hitchcock-esque in nature.
 Bruce Willis is wonderful as the Rambo-esque superguy who outwits, outplays, and outlasts the heavily-armed killers, and reveals just enough of his tender side to endear his character to the audience.
 <p>It's a great ride, too, with very Matrix-esque action sequences that pull you along at great speed, catapulting you into this "underground" world.
Do not be led astray by the excellently edited theatrical preview for this film, it is neither a successful Matrix-esque actioner nor a star-crossed romance pic.
That said, I still enjoyed the R&J-esque story, and how it combined the already connected lores.
After my second viewing of this film I figured I'd get around to writing a review. In an our-world noir-esque film, vampires and werewolves are in an age old war to defeat one or the another.
So far so good--you weren't expecting Bergman-esque psychological depth, were you?
 Whoa!  Then there's some Matrix-esque stuff that doesn't resemble the Matrix.
Escher-esque set designs.
Jamal soon learns that the old man is William Forrester, a J.D. Salinger-esque novelist who wrote one widely acclaimed novel (think "Catcher In The Rye") and then disappeared from public view.
 He's perfect as the boozing J.D. Salinger-esque recluse, a man who can dominate a room by just raising one of his disheveled eyebrows.
The wigs and skinhead caps are hilarious! Stare wide-eyed as one manson-family-esque killer goes haywire, tossing people into a blazing fireplace!
About a half-dozen escapees from a Siberian prison set off on a Cacciatto-esque hike to someplace, anyplace that will have them (China?
Leonetti likes smoky nightclubs and motel rooms and the score alternates between jazzy and noir-esque to (unfortunately) synthesized and 80s.
 In "Spice World," the girls take on a world tour with Bond-esque style.
What fun! Scrap the past 40 years of music development and go straight back into the good old jazz/Chicago-esque style.
In Farscape, you'll see: Bladerunner-esque cities, bars full of aliens like the Mos Eisley Cantina, a cemetery planet, even a mining colony inside a space creature's carcass.
You've got an all star cast and a John Hughes-esque direction that can't be beat.
&quot;Evil Dead&quot; is indeed without question, the BEST zombie-esque movie since &quot;Night Of The Living Dead&quot;, and is a non-stop thrill ride at every turn!
As it turns out, Sam, with Keaton-esque antics and eccentric nature, is just the housekeeper that Joon has been looking for, and they fall in love.
 The physical comedy and capturing that Keaton/Chaplin-esque style was fantastic and the same can be said with the brother and sister chemistry between Aidan Quinn and Mary Stuart Masterson.
The Isaac Asimov-esque robot, the massive flood, the large-scale destruction of the undercity, the masses of vehicles travelling outside, the huge interactive set-pieces - every visual element of this movie is absolutely stunning.
In the far future in a large New York-esque city, it seems workers are struggling with people called "Thinkers" who are like the bosses that makes plans and being a big corporation.
Thus, he also included the party-girl Monroe-esque character in this film.
 Even through the (once-again) EXTREMELY GI JOE-esque visuals, storytelling and soundtrack, this film uses powerful symbolism in the manner of Dali's "Le Sangre D'un Poete" and Orwell's "Animal Farm" to push us over the edge and into seeing what our (barely) free minds are up against.
Namely the character Augra is being dubbed with Frank Oz's Miss Piggy-esque voice over and of course there is no music or post-production.
 On the way, he encounters Keira, a girl gelfling, her pomeranian-esque pet, Fizgig (a creature with two sets of teeth and a raging temper), the musical potlins (little hippy creatures who have a lust for life and great music), and many other twists and turns.
 And for someone expecting to see a new Final Fantasy-esque storyline on the silver screen, my expectations were not met.
Shaggy lives in an alarmingly large, mansion-esque house and is chosen by Count Dracula to become a werewolf so he can take part in a race for monsters.
 You'll see a remarkably Sean-Connery-esque "Triple-Oh-Eight," a comical comparison between the villainous "Galaxy" and Bond's Spectre, and a cigarette lighter meant to put 007's attache case in "From Russia to Love" to shame.
Nothing Hollywood-esque about this film.
I digress....the actual movies are awesome. buy them if you like action, and suspense and james bond-esque themed movies.
The anti-UN element is perhaps the most sophisticated satire in the film (though I was mildly amused by the Clutch Cargo-esque pseudo-tribute called "How to Throw a Tantrum.
The girl warrior is quite easy on the eyes but the Frankenstein-esque warrior is just so funny it's sad.
 <p>Leonardo Dicaprio plays Romeo as a misunderstood James Dean-esque rebel with a mysterious aura about him.
DiCaprio's very Shakespeare-in-the-Park-esque Romeo was rather disappointing.
 Look at the title and cover.  It is NOT meant to be a PBS-esque formal documentary of comparative religion.
That's just the way you say it: Basterds."[8] He stated in an interview that the misspelled title is "a Basquiat-esque touch.
Is there any real concern that people will mistake Tarantino-esque fiction for historical fact?
 There's something kind of Pee-wee-esque about Treadwell.
 He, like Treadwell, held idealized, Jack London-esque beliefs about life in the Arctic, amid the wildlife.
The movie turns into a whodunnit of sorts, but without resorting to "Scream"-esque cliches.
There's Casey (Elijah Wood), the Steven King-esque nerd, Delilah (Jordana Brewster) the cheerleader/newspaper editor, Stan (Shawn Hatosy) the jock who wants to focus on his grades, Stokely (Clea DuVall) the goth, possibly a lesbian and the fountain of all knowledge on science fiction, Mary Beth (Laura Harris) the new girl from Atlanta, and Zeke (Josh Hartnett) the bad-boy who's the school's local drug dealer.
 That's 100% good with me so right away I was expecting a Kubrick-esque film.
That's just the way you say it: Basterds."[8] He stated in an interview that the misspelled title is "a Basquiat-esque touch.
Is there any real concern that people will mistake Tarantino-esque fiction for historical fact?
That's just the way you say it: Basterds."[8] He stated in an interview that the misspelled title is "a Basquiat-esque touch.
Is there any real concern that people will mistake Tarantino-esque fiction for historical fact?
At no point are we prepared as an audience to be left on a Rocky Balboa-esque note of corny triumph.
Natalie Portman sports one of the best, most adorable Pageboy Bobs in the universe. Her amazing "young Uma Thurman-esque" face and voice and acting are amplified 100-fold by the hairstyle that she so unfortnuatly had for only this one movie.
"The Red Violin" is a mediocre, highly superficial film that follows the creation and life of a Stradivari-esque fiddle over several centuries, through various owners in Europe, Asia, and finally, North America.
 In what seems like a Kaufman-esque joke on his audience Carrey reverts back to his Ace Ventura form as a split personality, so misrepresented, so misdiagnosed that I wonder if the writers bothered to pick up a medical book in researching this.
The annoying Disney-esque familiar to our villain, Rasputan, is an obnoxious little white bat (which channels Iago from Aladdin) who inexplicably moves from being a sinister and vindictive side-kick to an unwilling and disinterested participant to his master's evil scheme.
There's some great, ummm, brainless slapstick, but there's also many Seinfeld-esque setups hatched throughout, always coming full-circle & paying big dividends.
And she's right. Shaun doesn't seem to notice the zombie-esque lifestyle he leads, the terrible routine of drinking at `The Winchester' pub (named after the rifle that gleams over the bar), the protecting of Ed's horrific behavior (ripping farts and calling women the "C" word while never maintaining a job of any kind), and, of course, his forgetfulness that she, Liz, is actually a part of his life.
 The film is quite funny with some Python-esque moments, but is also able to screetch to a halt to deliver a few scenes that might actually get you a little misty eyed(!
We've got a crazy serial killer couple split up by a South Park-esque super villain who plans to turn everybody into zombies.
Okay, so the Epcot-esque finale is more fromage than homage, and is remniscent of the touchy-feely, ending of THE ABYSS.
Battle in Outer Space is also given an equally respectable release which should please fans of this War of the Worlds-esque semi sequel to the Toho masterpiece The Mysterians.
It's kind of like a Raymond Chandler-esque comic book story interpreted 80s style--no academy award nominations here, but a really fun, outlandish, adventure fairy tale.
Unexpectedly -- but in the end, not very effectively -- a Tarantino-esque dimension emerges, not care of Jackson but in the form of effete Brit crime boss Xavier, prone to opining about wines like a sommelier before viciously dispatching his opponents.
As for the film itself - by now, everyone knows that it's a Campbell-esque &quot;hero's journey&quot; dressed up as a gothic horror/suspense yarn.
 The Burroughs-esque world portrayed here by Cronenberg is dark and stark, providing the perfect ambience for this sinister story.
I am delighted to have new MST3K-esque material, but with so many wretched movies out there begging for commentary tracks, I would have preferred to watch something (anything) other than this.
Gojira is a large lizard-esque monster with skin resembling that of a victim of the nuclear bomb.
 Furthermore, it seems as though the generally generic Cinderella-esque plot has been tweaked in such a way as to keep the tale entertaining.
 Furthermore, it seems as though the generally generic Cinderella-esque plot has been tweaked in such a way as to keep the tale entertaining.
Haha. (Ok, so thats only funny if you've seen it.) I love the opening credits in this piece- the cuckoo clock-esque characters in their cookie cutter houses.
In its attempt to be another American Beauty-esque slice of suburban life, The Safety of Objects becomes a caricature of itself.
it's the first sequel since "Halloween II" to get "The Shape" right! Armed once again with a creepy William Shatner-esque mask (which is actually achieved through a combination of 5 different masks and some CGI effects), a lithe build and quick, methodical body movement, "The Shape" is looking and acting more like his old eerie/ghostly self than he has in years.
Depp's performance was too Michael Jackson-esque for my liking.
For, make no mistake, Tim Burton's adaptation of Roald Dahl's classic novel, is very "Burton-esque.
The real star of this story is not the quasi-humans who populate its color-saturated Dali-esque landscape, but the candy around whom their lives center.
Look also for the "Sgt. Pepper"-esque nut house with the (largely real) team of nut-cracking squirrels, the "2001: Space Odyssey" (with the bombastic Strauss fanfare) WonkaVision studios, and other touches that really make Depp, in particular, such a marvelously spooky-kooky guy.
Therefore if you are not a child, but still enjoy dooby-enhanced mind trip or generally odd, Alice-in-Wonderland-esque stories, then you will find interest in this movie.
 The initial scenes of Charlie's crooked, dilapidated house and the huge city that surrounds it are as Dahl-esque as you can hope for.
 They're almost DALI-esque, in fact.
The Isaac Asimov-esque robot, the massive flood, the large-scale destruction of the undercity, the masses of vehicles travelling outside, the huge interactive set-pieces - every visual element of this movie is absolutely stunning.
In the far future in a large New York-esque city, it seems workers are struggling with people called "Thinkers" who are like the bosses that makes plans and being a big corporation.
For all of the people who mock Gregg Araki's dialogue, his poor, home-video-esque directing and his sloppy editing, I have one thing to say: you're all correct.
 New Orleans of course, but also WWI & WWII, France, New York, the Florida Keys, Russia, Pitt's post-college-esque journey around the world; any person who likes culture and travel would enjoy it.
 Both are told in flashback format (this film just adds the Titanic-esque "old lady" twist instead of having the protagonist narrate his own story), as well as delve into themes too numerous to sort out after just one viewing.
 I went into 'Charlie's Angels' wanting only to see a little Bond-esque action and, of course, Lucy Liu.
Every time the film employs cheesy '70s-esque montage sequences, every time the camera goes wicked slow when the girls toss their hair, and every time an action scene comes up (which takes things from films like The Matrix, Mission: Impossible, and True Lies), it's all a parody.
 There is no doubt that Edward Yang has a great eye and his films do exhibit an Antonioni-esque style when it comes to presentation.
 The acting is goofy, the special effects are &quot;Clash of the Titans&quot;-esque, and Ash seems to get his shotgun out of nowhere after coming out of the pit; but, you love it anyway cause its funny and good for a viewing at anytime of the day or night.
 To show off contemporary versions (circa 1990) of Ray Harryhausen-esque stop-motion techniques:<p>The special effects, while dated in the face of CGI prodigiousness, are enormous and spectacular.
Apart from being another &quot;Scream&quot;-esque potboiler, one gory death scene (which is the only gory scene) seems to borrow from Italian horror masters like Lucio Fulci and Dario Argento.
 Instead of a powerful story being the central focus of the film, we were bombarded, nearly drowned, in model-esque images of the people of NYC and how only the very beautiful are attracted to the very beautiful.
 Bales' transformation from the buff, he-man-esque physique that those expect from seeing him in Batman Begins, Reign of Fire, or American Psycho, to the incredibly gaunt, emaciated Trevor Reznick is on par with the transformations that Robert De Niro went through in Raging Bull, and more recently Charlize Theron in Monster.
John Constanstine". It's a mix of H.P. Lovecraft-esque horror, fantasy and action combined with some dazzling special effects and an intriguing story, the main character is quite a complex and tragic hero that shows us the way to hell and heaven in this movie.
Those looking for a Guinea Pig-esque experience will no doubt be grandly disappointed by all this.
Maybe. This film has PLENTY of each depicted in explicit, oozing, Burroughs-esque detail.
After megadoses of Terminator-esque computerized special effects, I love a good low budget flick where the film makers make the most with what they have.
There is also a Sex in the City-esque air added by some romantic plots.
This is a story about finding your niche in life. Kind of a fairy tale-esque plot,  wonderfully presented.
(Very Neo-esque) Whoa.
Wiley finds himself embroiled in this cauldron of intrigue, and uses his electrical engineering training, in MacGyver-esque fashion, to stage a heist of the emeralds and bring Argenti to ruin.
Its a combination of Cops and ER which tries to elevate  itself into art with the Madonna-esque MTV video style footage - and  portentious voice overs, the result is terrible.
With its exquisite black-and-white shots of Monument Valley, assured acting, and Custer-esque storyline, "Apache" is an enduring Western winner.
They are cardboard cutout characters that are simply there to quote Tarantino-esque dialogue.
The second half, shot in glorious Technicolor (except for a Kill Bill-esque slip into black and white), is immaculately shot and acted, Tarantino circling the camera around his girls in a seven minute uninterrupted take like a consummate pro.
For Quentin Tarantino's sixth full-length film, we are treated to a John Carpenter-esque stalker/slasher movie that, oddly enough, features a man behind a wheel doing all the damage.
Five minutes later, after a brief interlude with the Coen-esque sherrif and his gormless sidekick, Tarantino is back to pointing the camera at babes in cars(different ones this time).
 And of course Rob Reiner's Capra-esque moment is Shepard fighting back at the end, defending his membership of the ACLU and the rights of his girlfriend to burn flags.
They had used the ending from the book rather than a hollywood-esque sort of ending.
in contrast with the sad lonely isolated reality. Jennifer Connely & the young Sixth Sense-esque actress deserve an OSCAR as they played true to life-like but with a STAR studded shine.
This is not a Disney-esque version of the Dickens book in any way.
With breathtaking animation as only Pixar can provide, nonstop comedy, James Bond-esque chase sequences, and wildly caricatured characters, Ratatouille is easily one of the best films of the summer.
A Disney-esque fable about a self-taught rat who becomes a great chef by pulling the hair on a dopey kid who happens to be the illegitimate offspring of another great chef.
They had used the ending from the book rather than a hollywood-esque sort of ending.
in contrast with the sad lonely isolated reality. Jennifer Connely & the young Sixth Sense-esque actress deserve an OSCAR as they played true to life-like but with a STAR studded shine.
As he struggles against giving the order for a My Lai-esque massacre of an unarmed Turkish convoy, Lawrence's face [animated by the incomparable acting of Peter O'Toole] all but says: "Now could I drink hot blood!
 The drowning scene is a real tear-jerker, but chainsawing  the union boss's desk in half is SO Neuman-esque.
A 5 star, and very powerful, Newman-esque scene.
fetus eating, multiple stabbings, zombie-esque neck-biting, clever to the head, a hanging, and a dude who eats his own entrails.
 Probably the most appropriate scene using bad language was between Vivi and Teensie during a "chicken-esque" car scene.
I think both are partially correct; the idea of the Rube Goldberg-esque supernatural death almost certainly came down to Final Destination through the original Omen, but the feel of the deaths here is very twenty-first century.
 In an obvious reference to/spoof of Peter Seller's work on the entire Pink Panther franchise from the intro Mancini-esque opening sequence music ala "The Return of the Pink Panther" to the bumbling detective/spy protagonist this film has actually remained a whole lot funnier than that film that upon recent viewing has truly aged very, very poorly.
Everything about the film is brilliantly on-target, from the staging to the John Barry/David Arnold-esque music.
The Ant Bully (John A. Davis, 2006)<br /><br />Davis (Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius) returns with this Pixar-esque kids' flick that is, in reality, not for kids.
the New Testament.<p>While this has the classic Python-esque wry humor and satire, there's something a little more timid here.
(And reveals the terrors of "detrimental robots" which rob a person of blood). In the CGI-esque realm, he finds a beautiful, nude woman chained in a cave.
David Lynch's take on Dune is nothing short of pretty darn good. It definitely gets weird (a.k.a. David Lynch-esque) in places, but overall the feel and tone of the movie are wonderful.
 Not uncommon, but wait... The (ha, ha) plot is made up of would be X-Men fighting poorly done matrix-esque battles (including the motorcycle highway chase) and struggling against the aliens from the 80's TV series 'V'.
 In "Spice World," the girls take on a world tour with Bond-esque style.
What fun! Scrap the past 40 years of music development and go straight back into the good old jazz/Chicago-esque style.
While one might expect a Shatner-esque, over-the-top performance from Carrey, to which we've become accustomed in his comedic work, we are instead given a performance that is both subtle and remarkably powerful.
What do our memories look like if shown as a movie? Dali-esque, if Gondry is to be believed, complete with melting faces.
I could have done without the bad humor or the Jurassic Park-esque baby Godzilla side story, but I kinda like this Godzilla.
 At the beginning of the movie it feels like  another Star Trek - Battlestar Galactica-esque movie; you are in deep space  searching for a lost ship and then when you find it there are no life  signs.
 By the way, Anybody SEEN Ritchie???)  Forsythe had to practice months for this Rambo-esque character.
Don't get me wrong though, there is plenty of gore and violence to go around, I'm talking Tarintino-esque violence too!
The characters, scenes and even the acting are all very graphic novel/comicbook-esque.
Claudio Simonetti recorded some decent music for this one: some heavy instrumental synth-rock and some pretty, opera-esque music with a slightly creepy edge.
The rebellion and the heroes are very Star Wars-esque, there's no doubt there was some inspiration taken from the saga here.
 That's where the trailer left it....and it left me thinking this might be a Mulan-esque story where she goes off on some sort of adventure (again making me nervous that maybe we'd just have a rehashed story).
Forget &quot;Dances with Wolves.&quot;  Kevin Costner outdoes himself as an actor in this superb Capra-esque movie that is filled with magic rarely seen onscreen.
This film does have some wartime scenes but they're used sparingly and doesn't delve into Private Ryan-esque battles every 15 minutes.
While the Audrey Tatou scenes in the French countryside are charmingly Amelie-esque, it is hard to balance those with war portions of the film.
The documentary-esque realism is very much alive in this film and I have to say that Liman is an excellent director.
Infighting within the band, a mysterious Yoko Ono-esque character, and the band's inability to make it from the dressing room to the stage without getting lost don't help the cause, either.
But there's a decent amount of Adam Sandler-esque slapstick comedy bits to be entertaining.
Both of them still being ogres does nothing for the Hollywood-esque society.
While some dramatic license was taken with the storyline, &quot;Joseph&quot; thankfully eschews Disney-esque asides, superflous fantasy characters or expanded romantic angles (Joseph's love and marriage to Asenath is simply part of the story).
Even so, after trying my best to just enjoy it, this movie was truly apocryphal. Every bit of the Adams-esque dialogue  has been removed, the characters have been stripped of their charm, the opening scene with singing dolphins made my teeth hurt, and the acting left much to be desired.
John the Baptist was portrayed not just rugged, but with crazy-looking eyes and came off a bit Charlie Manson-esque).
There was some style to this film that I was not expecting. Although there was some surreal Lethal Weapon-esque moments I did enjoy the overall humor and chemistry between Jonah and Channing.
 Ed Norton's character, Smoochy, portrays a Barney-esque, over-the-top-nice children's television star.
Ms Stanley's Monroe-esque performance must be counted among the top 3 greatest ever put on film, if not the greatest.
Oh yeah, there's a very Tenchi-esque love polygon too.
 Like others have said, Oliver Stone was the films flaw.  Had it been Tarantino-esque in it's directing, I think it would have had more appeal, and less of the headache flavor.
The simple but solid plot twists carries the story to a very Jurai-esque climax and bittersweet resolution.
 Large explosions and violence countered with a sneaky Sneakers-esque style subplot overshadowed the plot.
Kathleen Turner does a great job  portraying Beverly Sutphin, a June Cleaver-esque, devoted happy homemaker  who doesn't even allow gum in her house, but has a short fuse and keeps a  secret scrapbook (I wonder if it was from Waters personal collection) of  clippings about serial killers.
The clever way it was filmed, which was quite  Blair Witch Project-esque (but in a classy way), brings you into the  action.
 And having seen both versions, I can assure you that the additional rainbow really brings out the Tim Burton-esque zaniness that the movie tries to achieve.
Even the slapstick style humor was weak; almost Benny Hill-esque.
a stately mansion/castle w/ intensely loyal servants and a cavalcade of one-of-a-kind gizmos and James-Bond-esque weapons and gadgets, not to mention a garage full of Jaguars, Porsches and BMW's.
Dan Dark, writer of noir, Raymond Chandler-esque Detective fiction is suffering from a severe skin condition that has made him virtually a prisoner in his own body.
 Stereotypes roll out in Zappa-esque, tongue-in-cheek scene after scene.
This movie, and others are set in a romantic European-esque period about the turn of the last century.
 It is almost Leone-esque in its gradually escalating tension and, though Owen is a blank he's a blank for a very particular reason.
"No WMD in Iraq"; "It's all about Oil (not answering Islamic terror)"; evil fat, Haliberton-esque Montana Senator; good, but ineffective, executive branch and US Attorneys; bad Congress and its secret operatives (evil Serbian sniper).
 Seems the good Colonel is actually a subversive government agent working for a Dick Cheney-esque senator, Charles F.
"No WMD in Iraq"; "It's all about Oil (not answering Islamic terror)"; evil fat, Haliberton-esque Montana Senator; good, but ineffective, executive branch and US Attorneys; bad Congress and its secret operatives (evil Serbian sniper).
 Seems the good Colonel is actually a subversive government agent working for a Dick Cheney-esque senator, Charles F.
If you're looking for some sort of Troma-esque comedy that's going to go straight down the line with its absurd premise, you'll probably be disappointed.
 As said to Scrooge by Marley, "you'll be the only person who's cold in Hell!" - A nice little nod to the Dante-esque concept of Hell being frozen at its core.
Wonderful, lush 1920s period costuming and bucolic English countryside with a Vaughn Williams-esque music score draw you into the story of these lovers, and left me wanting more.
 When he's bitten by the James Dean-esque leader of the gang(the two sidekicks look like they stepped out of the Blue Oyster Bar from the Police Academy movies), he becomes a gay werewolf-A Werebear!
 Definitely the most TROMA-esque.
And like many have said, it is very Troma-esque.
 The best one, I thought, was the B@W "Diary of Anne Frankenstein", with its mixture of truly bad taste and Hogan's Hero-esque humor.
<p>This movie was excellent. A wonderful feel to it; very &quot;Mission: Impossible-esque.
As for the film itself - by now, everyone knows that it's a Campbell-esque &quot;hero's journey&quot; dressed up as a gothic horror/suspense yarn.
 Essentially the big evil to be fought with this season is Spike and Drusilla, a bonnie and clyde-esque vampire couple, who eventually team up with Buffy's former boyfriend Angel, who loses his soul after a special night.
"T2" immediately does away with the Del James-esque poetics of the first film and goes for pure commercialism.
Somethings about this movie lack a lot and some might say its a Pulp Fiction-esque type movie and it is in its only little world.
This movie is a mix of 'fake' sci-fi, as Tim Allen and his cast are actually just actors in a Star Trek-esque show, but there are real aliens in here who view that show as historical documents and thus seek out the Galaxy Quest cast for aid.
 Tim Allen really breaks out of his stand-up/sitcom persona and plays a Shatner-esque role.
She really embraces her inner bimbo and has fun. Tim Allen as a Shatner-esque is a win!
Ironically, music from Danny Elfman also succeeds in giving this film that sort of superhero, Burton Batman-esque feel as well, which is a strange coincidence considering they were all made around the same period, but with vastly different reception.
Javier Bardem steals the show here as a zombie-esque bad guy who kills people with a cattle gun as he stalks Josh Brolin who has Bardem's $2 million from a drug deal gone bad.
 But Vincent D'Onofrio's Harry Lime-esque Dr.
"T2" immediately does away with the Del James-esque poetics of the first film and goes for pure commercialism.
Pierce Brosnan heats up the screen with Rene Russo in this hot little remake.  Although Bond-esque characteristics are present, Brosnan delivers a look at his corrupt and witty side as an actor.
Well, it depends what you want.  If that is another cute fantasy film with Disney-esque animals and wise-cracking, snogging, contemporary teenagers ("Sorted!
The comedic timing of the two leads are exceptional. It mixed Chaplin-esque physical comedy with Naked Gun slapstick.
The self-righteous monologues get even more intolerable when Frank is joined in his quest by the young Roxy, a Juno-esque character who gets an entire scene where she rails against the movie JUNO and explains in great detail her love of Alice Cooper.
The self-righteous monologues get even more intolerable when Frank is joined in his quest by the young Roxy, a Juno-esque character who gets an entire scene where she rails against the movie JUNO and explains in great detail her love of Alice Cooper.
High point: Effective SFX and a deliciously evil performance by Jaime Murray. Low point: A "Buffy"/"Angel"-esque/superhero feel to the ending.
The guy is a gifted craftsman, and shot for shot this film oozes style on a Ridley Scott-esque level.
 Let's just say that by minute five, my hopes were in a Michael Richards-esque decline.
 Why does the film become detrimentally Disney-esque in Scottie's risible nightmare sequence?
 Bales' transformation from the buff, he-man-esque physique that those expect from seeing him in Batman Begins, Reign of Fire, or American Psycho, to the incredibly gaunt, emaciated Trevor Reznick is on par with the transformations that Robert De Niro went through in Raging Bull, and more recently Charlize Theron in Monster.
And it never strays to the realm of the over-the-top murder tales that are full of larger-than-life characters and Clue-esque easy answers.
I can see why this long pregnant wait leaves some viewers wraught. But personally I found this Agatha Christie-esque unravelling of each individual's idiosynchrasies fascinating, because it sets up a "motive" for several of our characters.
It's twice as much fun if many people COULD have executed the murder. <p>Enter: Stephen Fry as a very Sherlock Holmes-esque investigator, pipe and trenchcoat and all.
The Isaac Asimov-esque robot, the massive flood, the large-scale destruction of the undercity, the masses of vehicles travelling outside, the huge interactive set-pieces - every visual element of this movie is absolutely stunning.
In the far future in a large New York-esque city, it seems workers are struggling with people called "Thinkers" who are like the bosses that makes plans and being a big corporation.
Considering the Columbine type content, I'm surprised it hasn't been banned. It's an 80's shocker, kind of Fight Club-esque.
After Veronica begins to despise her supposed friends, she meets up with Jason Dean, played by the young "Jack Nicholson-esque" Christian Slater, whom helps to escalate this hatred for the Heathers (and some others.
Re: The Corinth Version<br /><br />Upon beginning Welles' epic Inception-esque neo-noir of a power-hungry man using the dredges of the world as his puppets, the average cinemaphile may become disillusioned.
Garcia finds himself having to "service" the years-younger wife of Coburn. He's an old Hemingway-esque writer, who's working on one last book and permits the young wife to amuse herself since he's too sick to do much of that kind of thing anymore.
 With "Reloaded", what began as a single successful film becomes an updated "Star Wars"-esque trilogy, with a seemingly unbeatable first film, a middle piece, and a battle-filled climax.
Every fight scene and car chase (yes, there is more than one car chase) is loaded with Michael Bay-esque hand-held hyper-cuts.
 It also touches upon the controversies started by James Frey and his ilk.  I love the way one character acts in a Poe-esque, "Telltale Heart" fashion.
 There is also no elf or Tim Allen-esque Santa in sight.
The annoying Disney-esque familiar to our villain, Rasputan, is an obnoxious little white bat (which channels Iago from Aladdin) who inexplicably moves from being a sinister and vindictive side-kick to an unwilling and disinterested participant to his master's evil scheme.
 There's something kind of Pee-wee-esque about Treadwell.
 He, like Treadwell, held idealized, Jack London-esque beliefs about life in the Arctic, amid the wildlife.
 It's as though whoever wrote the dialogue is trying be as artfully artless, dull, terse and Hemingway-esque as possible, and instead  has created a completely dead, stultifying corpse of a movie, with some of the most cringe-inducing lines I've heard in years (and this from someone who goes out of his way to avoid movies with horrible dialogue, i.
The tension that slowly builds up between Vash and his brother Knives escalates in an almost Ender's Game-esque fashion and those who enjoy great scifi will love this anime.
 In what seems like a Kaufman-esque joke on his audience Carrey reverts back to his Ace Ventura form as a split personality, so misrepresented, so misdiagnosed that I wonder if the writers bothered to pick up a medical book in researching this.
 The same can be said for the cardboard-esque representation that we witnessed from Maud Adams.
The switching of Doctors was a bit abrupt, and I think having her be a trasporter-phobe was too McCoy-esque to be coincidental; I think the writers were TRYING (too hard) for us to like her.
 Furthermore, it seems as though the generally generic Cinderella-esque plot has been tweaked in such a way as to keep the tale entertaining.
Oddly enough, the Bladerunner-esque buildings throughout the movie also help to establish the feeling of urgency, and the sensation of teetering on the edge of something great, something that we cannot possibly understand.
Brief synopsis: This latest product of Trey Parker and Matt Stone's twisted imaginations involves Thunderbirds-esque puppetry; the current state of global affairs summarized in lots and lots of collateral damage courtesy of the titular team ("f--k yeah!
Production designer Jim Dultz had to recreate a believable Bruckheimer-esque world.
In isolation, ideas like Devastator (a massive robot made up of seven lesser ones), the Pretender (a Terminator-esque Decepticon assassin that can pass as human) or Jetfire (an elderly Decepticon who switched sides to join the Autobots, got bored with the war and has spent decades disguised as an exhibit in the Smithsonian) could have made for interesting scenes or story points.
Reintroducing the concept into this film seemed like a good idea and the effects are excellent, if a little Terminator-esque, but Alice's overall inclusion just seems superfluous.
And the swearing? Out of place! The Jar Jar Binks-esque comedy relief just added another layer of disappointment.
The utilization of the Decepticon-esque chants and the serene vocals of Lisbeth Scott, really play up the polarizing moments of the movie.
 There may be a few too many Michael Bay-esque shots.
Ben Affleck is at his Gigli-esque worst, displaying a grand total of two emotions as the genius-level intellectual willing to wipe the memory of his work after every assignment in exchange for a few extra dollar signs.
Period.) The "Alien-esque" spawns of the beast were also very well done (one of the characters meets a horrible fate due to one of them.
 This film is basically a civilian's account of a Godzila-esque attack and it works on that level.
It uses a mockumentary-esque feel to it and makes you feel like your part of the movie too with it's DV camera filmmaking and good performances by the cast.
 The only drawback was the collection of slacker, twentysomething, dude-esque nincompoops running around in front of the camera.
Andrews has a crackling Bogart-esque presence here, which makes us like the only honest guy in the movie, and Webb is brilliant as the tart-tongued, frustrated Waldo, who sees Laura as his personal Galatea.
 Whereas the slapstick, three stooges-esque fight scene toward the end was one of the low points.
What makes the movie so effective is the "Psycho"-esque score by Harry Manfredini and of course the memorable gore effects by Tom Savini which shocked the daylights out of people when it first came out yet they are still effective.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
This series is a great, although it ended before its time. The Daniel Clowes-esque animation is terrific.
THINGS TO DO IN DENVER WHEN YOU'RE DEAD does begin with somereally overt Tarantino-esque dialog and scene set up.
A year after the couragous mutant team known as the X-Men, there has been a terrorist mutant attack made by Devil-esque mutant named Nightcrawler (Alan Cumming) in the White House.
A year after the couragous mutant team known as the X-Men, there has been a terrorist mutant attack made by Devil-esque mutant named Nightcrawler (Alan Cumming) in the White House.
Except for "Sorrow" and "The Cracked Actor", Bowie performs no Ziggy-era songs, but he does indulge in a Hamlet-esque, show-stopping rendition of the latter.
aboutt Schmidt is about the average joe, as average as you can get. After a lifetime of passionate Hollywood-esque characters under Nicholson's sleeve, some may say his performance is not engaging--- quite the contrary.
 It's that Gilliam-esque mastery of the absurd; treat it as if it happens  every day.
 The 7  1/2 floor is almost &quot;Gilliam-esque&quot;- in fact, when I first saw  the preview I assumed it was Terry Gilliam's (Brazil, 12 Monkeys) newest  film.
 Neither is it merely the postmodern fantasy of a director of the surreal.<p>Artificial Intelligence is a Siddartha-esque journey film, a story of a quest for identity and the meaning of life, and to a lesser degree, the documentary of some of the more important symbols of our cultural understanding of those questions.
 A very thought provoking, very dark, Kubrick-esque movie, and I commend Spielberg for pulling it off.
<p>I guess 'Harold and Maude' plays on '60s-esque themes of turning maverick, challenging societal moulds, denouncing materialism.
The girl grows up to be a stripper, played blandly by a Lolita-esque Jessica Alba.
The characters ramble on in moments of deep thought, revealing what makes them tick. It's filled to the brim with Arnold-esque one-liners.
There's also a lot of Tarantino-esque recursion in the plot line (not to mention that the character of Miho is straight out the Crazy-88 in _Kill Bill_, and so are her weapons), reminiscent of _Pulp Fiction_: The beginning isn't necessarily the beginning, nor is the end the end.
The "special-effects" graphics and video manipulation delivering cartoon-esque visual cinema has been done ad nauseum--"Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid", "Roger Rabbitt", "Forrest Gump", "Gladiator", are all better examples of like talents used to better results.
The girl grows up to be a stripper, played blandly by a Lolita-esque Jessica Alba.
In fact, it's an above average one.  It is definitely the funniest Gondry film I've seen and has a warm-hearted Capra-esque feel to it which may seem ridiculous and "cheesy" to some, but it works within the broader context of the film.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
I would slot it genre wise in there with other awkward comedies in the realm of Superbad or even Wes Anderson-esque!
This leads him to bust up a scheme by an Illuminati-esque group of businessmen to control a major natural resource.
 I would have loved to have seen a Matthew Fox-esque emotive rant that LOST fans have come to appreciate, but it just never happened.
The villain is appropriately slimy and lizard-esque.
Summer Glau, as Supergirl, is terrific, and Ed Asner, as Fagin-esque supervillainess Granny Goodness(!
Also, catch Melissa Joan Hart the Dee Dees, a tempting pair of Harley Quinn-esque teen villains.
Those of you who don't get the whole Python-esque humor won't appreciate this either.
Igby Goes Down is a miserable, Catcher in the Rye-esque piece of crap.
There's one sequence where a &quot;Godfather&quot;-esque character is upset about a family member's death, tosses up his arms, and the camera literally stays with the group for a minute afterwards as the actors kick dirt around and fidget, apparently anxious for the director to yell &quot;Cut!
 I'm not going to whine about how the end just didn't tie it all in together. I'm not going to complain about the MTV-esque version of &quot;Wise Up&quot; in the middle of the film.
 Because I knew of the multiple storylines, i expected something tarantino-esque with something that tied together neatly.
"T2" immediately does away with the Del James-esque poetics of the first film and goes for pure commercialism.
Pierce Brosnan heats up the screen with Rene Russo in this hot little remake.  Although Bond-esque characteristics are present, Brosnan delivers a look at his corrupt and witty side as an actor.
to be fair, they were plagued by waterworld-esque weather and location problems, and at $200 million, you really just need to get the picture finished, because hey, no one's really happy that it cost that much in the first place.
Throw in a disgruntled Jabba-esque Scotsman who knows just the wrong things to say, and a few especially nasty gross-out moments (Austin drinking an ersatz cup o&#8217; joe, and the infamous tent scene), and you have a little something for everybody!
 If that matters to you.<br /><br />Apparently there are a lot of tokers who love this kind of Tarantino-esque stuff along with their pot-themed Apatow comedy, but it mostly just didn't work for me.
This incident would begin the buddy comedy-esque story filled with cat and mouse style pursuing, ridiculous humor in between, moderate violence and a shootout towards the end of the flick.
Some might find the comparison unfair, but it really isn't. Both have that Jerry Bruckheimer-esque action quality to them.
Not that this is a laff riot, mind you. Do not buy or rent The Loved One expecting some goofy Airplane-esque farce, this is a comedy but it has the pace of a dramatic film.
 But perhaps the best change in Season 4 was the replacement of the previous seasons' melodrama with nearly Simpsons-esque humor.
 Also, many complained that Riley's alpha-male, Jimmy Stewart-esque bearing just didn't fit in with the world of Buffy, but I think that's precisely the reason his character was introduced.
Lector look like a Sesame Street character. Bale's cold, charismatic, misogynist turn is riveting. His James Bondian-esque face changes to the devilish mask with the reptilian eyes so rapidly, that your blood would freeze.
Whereas Travis Bickle (DeNiro) had an almost innocent, Holden Caulfield-esque outlook on life and the drive to be a heroic figure that saves the world, Patrick Bateman sees the world as an extension of his "greed and disgust".
Ashley Judd was WAY too Hollywood-esque (is that a word?
 <p>Leonardo Dicaprio plays Romeo as a misunderstood James Dean-esque rebel with a mysterious aura about him.
DiCaprio's very Shakespeare-in-the-Park-esque Romeo was rather disappointing.
 To my delight, it was very thrilling and Hitchcock-esque in nature.
The suspense was incredible, the camera work was great (with several Hitchcock-esque shots added in the mix), the plot was nicely twisted.
 That neither Bridges nor Robbins are Superstar Icons with Tom Cruise-like looks or Schwarzenegger-esque muscles makes the film all the more believable.
Splendidly combining live-animal action with Jim Henson-esque animatronics, Noonan's irresistible "Babe" is a story about flouting convention and realizing one's potential.
Why have a pair of Laurel & Hardy-esque style sheriffs in what is supposedly a film of uncompromising savagery?
 And how very close help was...  Little Craven-esque  quirks tended to pop up (such as a sudden shift from extreme violence to a  scene of almost slapstick humor) that will remind viewers of the Elm Street  and Scream series.
 And yet he went with an off-the-wall sci-fi theme that Lucas struggles to make Indy-esque.
Around the last third of the feature, however, they start to add more interview-esque commentary about the overall experience of the film itself, their general feelings of the characters and writing, and how good of a finished product they ended up making.
Surprisingly the haunting, and very Reznor-esque, music complimented the movie really well.
I have to admit that I liked the epcot-esque city in which this story is based.
 Kids and parents used to Pixar-esque complexities might be disappointed, but for the little ones, it's colorful, funny and the songs are fun.
These thugs end up destroying everything but their target, which is a bit Golgo 13-esque, only handled more humorously.
And a great score featuring a Morricone-esque guitar number at the beginning.
God is referred to as a rather pathetic Hitler-esque character that says he loves, but he destroys and will destroy you as well unless you "say you love God".
As I said, I liked the weird, NIGHT GALLERY-esque beginning a lot.
Senator seeking the Presidential nomination on the heels of his McCarthy-esque tirades against communists in the government.
 The McCarthy-esque anticommunism of the Iselins brilliantly hides the fact that the conspiracy is more real than even the Iselins publically let on, as we see when we find the identity of Shaw's American operator.
it's all brilliantly presented. I particulary like James Bond-esque  theme of the movie.
 These eyeborgs range from the Q-bert-esque two-legged walking cameras to human-sized crab walkers with multiple legs and a single eye.
Meryl Streep was excellent in her portrayal of the Anna Wintour-esque Mirande Priestley, but that alone doesn't make this film worth watching.
 Meryl Streep, of course, wins hands down as Cruella DeVille-esque Miranda as she obviously enjoys torturing those in the lower chain of command, yet she also shows a vulnerable side that makes you both respect and sympathize with her.
 You knew he was physically powerful, but in this movie Dennehy achieves  Brando-esque emotional power.
 Instead of the majestic and ambitious 2001-esque Star Trek: The Motion Picture, with it's so Roddenberry-esque tale of different life forms communicating, understanding and actually combining, we have big spaceships firing laser weapons at each other and plenty of boring running, jumping and falling down - if TMP had the ambition to take Kubrick as it's model, WOK settled for the considerably inferior Lucas.
 What follows is a DaVinci Code-esque whirlwind of clues and revelations as the trio go from spot to spot finding the next clues.
The tension that slowly builds up between Vash and his brother Knives escalates in an almost Ender's Game-esque fashion and those who enjoy great scifi will love this anime.
I like Stephen Dorff; he reminds me of a young, Lost Boys-esque Kiefer Sutherland.
Its dialogue is fast and quick, kind of "Juno"-esque.
(I swear, there's something about candy-esque colors like that, soft and bright at the same time, that activates the emotion centers of the brain.
I would slot it genre wise in there with other awkward comedies in the realm of Superbad or even Wes Anderson-esque!
 TRAINING DAY is a film with no special effects, no colorful cinematography, and no Picasso-esque art direction - just a movie that slaps you upside the hide from start to finish, with two powerhouse performances that stay with you long after the closing credits.
The people waiting at the train station only to watch stunned as it races by empty and on fire is also a good Spielberg-esque moment.
 It doesn't matter much these days what the topic surrounds, as long as there are long picture-esque images of Americana (or some other country), coupled with a tender moment, a blasting score, and sympathy towards anything - than the epic will reign supreme.
 My favorite happens to be Thandie Newton's portrayal of Condi Rice as a subservient, wrist-wringing, Eegore-esque minion that offered up affirmation to her master's ideas by repeating only the last word of his sentences.
 Leslie Nielsen plays the President in typical Airplane-esque fashion.
 Leslie Nielsen plays the President in typical Airplane-esque fashion.
 Look at the SPACE MARINE board and video games, and read past HEAVY METAL  issues and look for &quot;Alien-esque&quot; storylines ( where a bunch of  people are out destroying aliens &amp; bugs with cool weaponry ).
Director James Cameron takes us more into an action oriented Alien movie then the horror-esque type of the first film, and it's done extremely well, engrossing you (for the most part) from the first scene, to the very last.
it's the first sequel since "Halloween II" to get "The Shape" right! Armed once again with a creepy William Shatner-esque mask (which is actually achieved through a combination of 5 different masks and some CGI effects), a lithe build and quick, methodical body movement, "The Shape" is looking and acting more like his old eerie/ghostly self than he has in years.
 Speaking of which, the A.T.F shows up, and a Wacco-esque standoff ensues.
 In an obvious reference to/spoof of Peter Seller's work on the entire Pink Panther franchise from the intro Mancini-esque opening sequence music ala "The Return of the Pink Panther" to the bumbling detective/spy protagonist this film has actually remained a whole lot funnier than that film that upon recent viewing has truly aged very, very poorly.
This thing has a bizarre plotline, that leads our protagonist (a geeky-Jimmy Stewart-esque kinda guy) onto an island inhabited by his uncle Boris (rightly voiced by Boris Karloff) and an army of monsters that he created.
 <p>Danny Devito plays what may well have been his last truly funny role, made all the more hilarious because his Brando-esque character takes himself almost as seriously as DeVito takes himself these days.
Perhaps it's the PG rating, but I feel that the dark side of Montana--seamy, smoke-filled, Lolo-esque, where lost souls lurk in the shadows of drunkenness and addiction--is never fully realized (case-in-point: Paul, as well as Jessie's brother).
John Constanstine". It's a mix of H.P. Lovecraft-esque horror, fantasy and action combined with some dazzling special effects and an intriguing story, the main character is quite a complex and tragic hero that shows us the way to hell and heaven in this movie.
 Ripping from the pages of what seems like a Crichton-esque medical drama, Cohen pulls the myths of diabetes into the world of comic book artists and paranoid cops.
Lucky for both Fred and E.B. that their paths cross when E.B. runs away from their Wonka-esque candy factory on Easter Island to pursue his dream in Hollywood!
This sub-plot portrayed Dr. No as a poor Frankenstein-esque creature that was just a product of his horrible experiences and mistreatment by a world that rejected him.
This sub-plot portrayed Dr. No, as a poor Frankenstein-esque creature that was just a product of his horrible experiences, and mistreatment by a world that rejected him.
This sub-plot portrayed Dr. No as a poor Frankenstein-esque creature that was just a product of his horrible experiences and mistreatment by a world that rejected him.
This sub-plot portrayed Dr. No, as a poor Frankenstein-esque creature that was just a product of his horrible experiences, and mistreatment by a world that rejected him.
His near silent performance steals every scene in a Chaplin / Keaton-esque way.
From the synth/electro soundtrack to the medically accurate plot, from the documentary-esque cinematography to the governmental reaction - he developed a vastly updated story for our times.
 But it's barely touched upon here, instead allowing Law's ridiculous Tintin-esque cub scout to chase senior doctors around, bleating tructulantly in a silly accent.
As the opening Addams Family-esque credits by Pablo Ferro rolled over blatant love scenes between planes and phallic missiles and meadow lark love scene music trickled to my ears, I knew I was in for a treat.
it's the first sequel since "Halloween II" to get "The Shape" right! Armed once again with a creepy William Shatner-esque mask (which is actually achieved through a combination of 5 different masks and some CGI effects), a lithe build and quick, methodical body movement, "The Shape" is looking and acting more like his old eerie/ghostly self than he has in years.
Propelled by Matt Munro's Sinatra-esque rendition of the memorable title tune, this family-friendly nature film directed by James Hill was a must-see when it was originally released in 1966.
 The president (a Clinton-esque Bill Bullman) calls upon military services to fight these creatures.
Through all of this, Beowulf can't even wear the oft-lauded boar helmet from the poem, but opts for a Chuck Norris-esque headband instead.
Through all of this, Beowulf can't even wear the oft-lauded boar helmet from the poem, but opts for a Chuck Norris-esque headband instead.
 Through all of this, Beowulf can't even wear the oft-lauded boar helmet from the poem, but opts for a Chuck Norris-esque headband instead.
 If that matters to you.<br /><br />Apparently there are a lot of tokers who love this kind of Tarantino-esque stuff along with their pot-themed Apatow comedy, but it mostly just didn't work for me.
This incident would begin the buddy comedy-esque story filled with cat and mouse style pursuing, ridiculous humor in between, moderate violence and a shootout towards the end of the flick.
Some might find the comparison unfair, but it really isn't. Both have that Jerry Bruckheimer-esque action quality to them.
First, there was the demon-esque vampire makeup.
At age 30, the uncompromising Bette Davis won her second Best Actress Oscar for her portrait as an 1852-esque Southern femme fatale set against the backdrop of antebellum New Orleans in the midst of a yellow fever outbreak.
And, contrary to what many "anime" fans believe, the movie IS NOT ANIME. It is an American sci-fi/fantasy-esque adventure flick.
The meltdown in Mousedom continues with this disappointing tripe.  Despite the Jules Verne-esque trappings and hints of Victorian elegance, this movie quickly descends into an embarassing, offensive, unlikely combination of "The Abyss" & "Musquito Coast.
 They are some combination of sluggish island people, fierce jungle fighters, and "Battlestar Galactica-esque" pre-historic technowizards.
Along with the use of natural sound, it creates a credible documentary-esque ambience.
At moments, it almost descends into a Mel Gibson-esque orgy of pain.
 Ed Norton's character, Smoochy, portrays a Barney-esque, over-the-top-nice children's television star.
 In a major Hollywood movie?  <p>To take a Michael Moore-esque view on one final note, we see common thugs and low-lives with automatic weapons wounding and killing innocents, and never even question how such dangerous weapons got into their hands, but somehow this is justified  when a bunch of guys in black kill them off one by one.
We've got a crazy serial killer couple split up by a South Park-esque super villain who plans to turn everybody into zombies.
"T2" immediately does away with the Del James-esque poetics of the first film and goes for pure commercialism.
The script is very funny and well-written -- dialogues are a bit Kevin Smith-esque, but more genuine and less over-the-top.
<p>A lot of the comic force of the movie comes from this look into our habits, and the Garfield-esque slouch which has resulted from Dex having so many bad ones.
So imagine, if you will, a Buffy-esque movie featuring a pair of uber-cute punk-adorable pop stars, a slick-yet-inexplicably-corny gang of &quot;royal&quot; vampires, a vicious pack of (one must assume) lesser proletariat vampires, and an extended cameo wherein Jackie Chan attempts to wed a staggering alcoholic.
 This is not the shoddy Ted Turner-esque colorization of the 1980s, and the advance of technology in the interim decades certainly shows in a positive way.
risque to say the least.<br /><br />We were pleasantly surprised to find no real focus on nudity beyond 'doll-esque' levels.
Ah, yes, why can't all our college experiences be this cool? Instead of rooming with a control freak-esque local girl in a run-down flat in a northeastern college town, wouldn't it have been great if I'd lived with a bunch of cool people in Spain?
The film DAVE could be called "Capra-esque" to a point with its optimism and feel good ending.
Kevin Kline's performance brings to mind a Jimmy Stewart-type performance (hence the reference to Capra-esque and "Mr Smith.
<p>I am particularly fond of the scenes in the bar, both for the rankness of the music and later the Hobgoblins-esque (though with better special effects) brawl.
President when he becomes a contestant on "American Dreamz", and "American Idol"-esque talent show.
Bush in a deadpan manner. An absolutley stunning performance. As a Cheney-esque Cheif of Staff, William Dafoe is cruel and funny.
 <p>Plus, it's got Tina Krause in it.  She's becoming quite the Debbie Rochon-esque b-movie queen and I think she's great.
Namely the character Augra is being dubbed with Frank Oz's Miss Piggy-esque voice over and of course there is no music or post-production.
 On the way, he encounters Keira, a girl gelfling, her pomeranian-esque pet, Fizgig (a creature with two sets of teeth and a raging temper), the musical potlins (little hippy creatures who have a lust for life and great music), and many other twists and turns.
He spews the Nazi-esque propaganda with nary a flaw or pause, his powerful preaching frightening convincing at times.
Just in case anyone misses the point, there's a psuedo-Jan Hammer-esque rock insturmental playing during the scene where Kirk &amp; Co.
In a thick, Hollywood-esque Eastern European accent, Ramtha tells us about the wonders of Quantum Physics and how it is the first science to even come close to explaining magic and miracles.
It's a very Cronenberg-esque thriller with plenty of good stuff for everyone especially horror/Sci-fi fanatics and special effects junkies.
 His Fellini-esque Fabrizio (in &quot;Why do some women  have trouble achieving orgasm?
 It almost reminded me of the Japanese series Lone Wolf & Cub, especially the showdown in the Kurosawa-esque oppressive, sheeting rain.
But that's so strange, isn't it,...Tom Hanks in a mobster-esque role,.
 Large-scale indoctrination is accomplished through the visualized, Apple commerical-esque, Big Brother screens of 1984 (used later in V for Vendetta).
<p>Taking a page from 1984 the Tetragrammaton is a Big Brother-esque government, though they seem to rely more on human surveilance than on electronic spying, which suppresses art, culture, and entertainment as they engender to many emotional upwellings.
There are also constant 1984-esque propoganda broadcasts, and the "sense offense" concept of the movie is pretty much the same thing as the "thought crime" of 1984.
He spews the Nazi-esque propaganda with nary a flaw or pause, his powerful preaching frightening convincing at times.
Lector look like a Sesame Street character. Bale's cold, charismatic, misogynist turn is riveting. His James Bondian-esque face changes to the devilish mask with the reptilian eyes so rapidly, that your blood would freeze.
Whereas Travis Bickle (DeNiro) had an almost innocent, Holden Caulfield-esque outlook on life and the drive to be a heroic figure that saves the world, Patrick Bateman sees the world as an extension of his "greed and disgust".
the bus ride,  the post office, the climactic MAN WHO KNEW TOO MUCH-esque ballet sequence and the fight in the cottage.
 the plot is a little too woody allen-esque with all the rich actor/actress/painter/intellectual types who have mid-life problems and talk about it over white wine.
 the plot is a little too woody allen-esque with all the rich actor/actress/painter/intellectual types who have mid-life problems and talk about it over white wine.
Very Tarantino-esque, but Duffy leaves Tarantino for dead.
I was more or less expecting a Tarantino-esque crime movie with some wierdass characters and lots of cursing, which is more or less what I got.
I would've preferred either a longer film with a more fleshed out progression of events, or a more Tarantino/Scorcese-esque approach giving the actors more time to indulge us with their characters peculiarities.
To start, Boondock Saints is blatently inspired by the Tarentino-esque style that has seemed to become popular among the indie crowd lately.
Boondock Saints is an odd movie, know that going in.  It has some Tarantino-esque violence and surreal humor.
In a Skywalker-esque plot twist at the end, the three team up to execute a mobster as he pleads innocent in the courtroom.
 And I'll take a good Tarantino-esque vibe anyday.
 The "Dutch" guy appears out of nowhere, and he's made out to be some sort of super-killer, Hannible Lector-esque character but the only thing really said about him was something like "they only use him when things get really bad.
Ashley Judd was WAY too Hollywood-esque (is that a word?
 All of it done in gaspable color,  bizarre settings and imagery,  in what has led to the very word,  "Fellini-esque".
Don't let the mild mannered Beatles' album-esque cover of this movie fool you.
She has talent, but unfortunately is stuck with the films lamest lines. People criticize the films 'Matrix-esque' effects and stunts.
He TOTALLY makes this movie. In his Boris Karloff-esque performance he is completely hysterical and left me in stitches laughing throughout the entire movie.
 Absolutely.  If you are expecting, however, a nail-biting thriller or a creepy X-Files-esque mystery, you won't really find it.
Some seem to find this grating, but I'm a major fan of this technique. Slow motion lends a battle that classic Peckinpah-esque gritty brutality, and it's used to spectacular effect in "Watchmen".
Manhattan (Billy Crudup) who is a god-like Superman-esque blue skinned being with unique powers, sexy Silk Spectre (Malin Akerman) and very smart and brilliant crimefighter NightOwl (Patrick Wilson) all join together to try to solve the mystery of the Comedian's death.
Manhattan is the god-like power; Rorschach is the Batman-esque thirst to avenge crime; Night Owl II is a bored rich kid; Silk Spectre II is obliged, etc.
The few moments that were supposed to be funny, weren't. A Jerry Springer-esque talk show moment made it that much worse.
Manhattan (Billy Crudup) who is a Superman-esque immortal god of powers, blank masked avenger Roschach (Jackie Earl Haley), sexy buttkicker Silk Spectre (Malin Akerman) and intelligent Batman-esque Nightowl (Patrick Wilson) are together trying to untangle the mystery of who killed Comedian.
Why is that? First off, the previews made it seem like a Naked Gun-esque spoof, of which I am a big fan of those types of movies.
As for the film itself - by now, everyone knows that it's a Campbell-esque &quot;hero's journey&quot; dressed up as a gothic horror/suspense yarn.
 Particularly Helsinki.... a quiet but thoughful ending to this Fellini-esque romp across the globe.
This movie contains a bit of everything: Coen-esque directing, which is always a pro, a witty screenplay, funny storyline, very well casted, etc.
But for the Hitchcock-esque way it scared you without really showing you anything.
The ending gave me both. We were able to see the Regan-esque beauty of the possessed along with bad dialogue and bad graphics.
Her style is delightfully Woody Allen-esque, or maybe like one of Ed Burns' city-set indies.
The soft-focused, noir-esque, 1930s-style retrofuture of "Sky Captain" is a visual feast to behold, unabashedly revelling in obvious influences as Lang's "Metropolis" and B-movies of the 1930s.
No one knows who is behind this until they call Sky Captain (Jude Law) who has his own incredible James Bond-esque plane that can swim under water as well as fly.
David Lynch's take on Dune is nothing short of pretty darn good. It definitely gets weird (a.k.a. David Lynch-esque) in places, but overall the feel and tone of the movie are wonderful.
Reitman seems fully capable of bringing an acidic flavor to the most Capra-esque situation.
 Once again..very "fight club"-esque in its dark humor nature.
 The cinematography is the strongest aspect of this movie.  You'll be transported into a beautiful Eden-esque valley that seems too good to be true.
There are lots of amusing Python-esque puns and jokes sprinkled throughout the film, the kind of verbal gags that make you simultaneously chuckle and.
DiCaprio's very Shakespeare-in-the-Park-esque Romeo was rather disappointing.
"Cry_Wolf" is a film that calls back to the slasher films of the late 90's. In other words, it's a "Scream"-esque who-dunnit with a low body count (I think the lowest ever for a horror movie) and virtually no gore.
 The "typical" for VanDamme, this movie is very Bruce Lee-esque and highly entertaining!
he uses minimal disquises, he kills people willy-nilly, he uses Bond-esque gadgets instead of wit and cunning, small things like that.
 It made the penguin seem even more bizarre, because all he listened to was this elevator-esque organ music oozing out of the radio.
 There was a lot of potential for this series, as evidenced by the episodes preserved here.  Very hilarious, Simpsons-esque stuff.
It's quite a bit more earth-mother-esque, with a much slower pace than I prefer.
It was just not right for me...too many dance moves and it had a very cheerleader-esque tone to the whole thing.
Tim Curry gives a strong performance as the Satan-esque character.
Couldn't even stand to watch the thing.  The awful Disney-esque music had me ranting like a mad-woman!
Some of the scenes where they are driving down to Mexico are very Hunter S. Thompson-esque.
 Some of Woods and Belushi's banter is Jerry Seinfeld and Larry David-esque.
Die hard alien enthusiast impaled themselves on Giger-esque protrusions the second this movie came out.
 The acting is goofy, the special effects are &quot;Clash of the Titans&quot;-esque, and Ash seems to get his shotgun out of nowhere after coming out of the pit; but, you love it anyway cause its funny and good for a viewing at anytime of the day or night.
 To show off contemporary versions (circa 1990) of Ray Harryhausen-esque stop-motion techniques:<p>The special effects, while dated in the face of CGI prodigiousness, are enormous and spectacular.
There's some great, ummm, brainless slapstick, but there's also many Seinfeld-esque setups hatched throughout, always coming full-circle & paying big dividends.
And she's right. Shaun doesn't seem to notice the zombie-esque lifestyle he leads, the terrible routine of drinking at `The Winchester' pub (named after the rifle that gleams over the bar), the protecting of Ed's horrific behavior (ripping farts and calling women the "C" word while never maintaining a job of any kind), and, of course, his forgetfulness that she, Liz, is actually a part of his life.
 The film is quite funny with some Python-esque moments, but is also able to screetch to a halt to deliver a few scenes that might actually get you a little misty eyed(!
 Stereotypes roll out in Zappa-esque, tongue-in-cheek scene after scene.
My only complaint about this obsessively researched film is its Sahara-esque presentation, completely devoid of any levity.
Okay, perhaps it was not at the level of `Michael Moore'-esque conspiracy theories, but after witnessing such disasters as The Whole Ten Yards, Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights, and Exorcist: The Beginning you have to wonder why studios would intentionally ruin viable stand-alone films.
From outer space, a space experiment involving Slug-esque creatures has been launched to Earth in the year 1959.
Well, maybe not Sonar--his ability to hear is Radar-esque, but his humanity is refreshing.
 GITS has spawned a Blade Runner-esque <a href="http://www.
 The excellent battle scenes and cool philip dick-esque plot make this purchase a must for those wanting any anime.
 The first story is about a cigar store wooden Indian that comes to life for some Charles Bronson-esque revenge when some hoodlums rob the general store and kill the owner, played by George Kennedy("Be sure.
Megafault is a SyFy channel original, so no, it's not a big budget, "2012"-esque disaster movie.
Most kid's movies are either too cutesy or try too hard to make them little J.D. Salinger-esque adults.
While they may be down on their luck, their basic dignity is well illustrated in typical  Capra-esque fashion, and the film provides an excellent example that people  of all ages and station can be represented as interesting and attractive  characters.
DVD includes making of, outtakes, and a VH1-esque pop-up video setting that quizzes you  on pop-culture references and influences (kind of fun actually).
For one in this 2008 reboot there are no split screens, no jello-like Hulk, and no weird Bed-nobs and Broomsticks-esque multi-hued screen flashes (when I say flashes I mean the screen doesn't cheaply changed color while silhouetting the actor with a stunned expression on his face.
Megafault is a SyFy channel original, so no, it's not a big budget, "2012"-esque disaster movie.
I have to admit that I liked the epcot-esque city in which this story is based.
It works  well - location footage in Scotland and lots and lots of smoke give the  production an 'Exclaibur'-esque look of grim and gritty reality, and this  is what sticks in the mind after the film is over.
The documentary-esque realism is very much alive in this film and I have to say that Liman is an excellent director.
I became more interested after watching director Justin Russell's Grindhouse-esque trailer "Don't Go in the Attic".
This film does have some wartime scenes but they're used sparingly and doesn't delve into Private Ryan-esque battles every 15 minutes.
While the Audrey Tatou scenes in the French countryside are charmingly Amelie-esque, it is hard to balance those with war portions of the film.
Yes, there is repetition in the imagery used and loads of wavy dream-esque distortions.
male witch).<p>The film is very Cthulhu-esque in its mood.
I wanted to like this movie. I really did. Edgy Barry Levinson-esque camerawork, some truly funny moments, an A-list cast who must have worked for scale, the whole nine yards.
it's the first sequel since "Halloween II" to get "The Shape" right! Armed once again with a creepy William Shatner-esque mask (which is actually achieved through a combination of 5 different masks and some CGI effects), a lithe build and quick, methodical body movement, "The Shape" is looking and acting more like his old eerie/ghostly self than he has in years.
 While it is emotional to watch the love story unfold, the eye-candy battle sequences, and the picture-esque view of Scotland, there seemed to be a lacking "meat" to this story.
well, actually still looks pretty impressively Kraken-esque.
The fact that this Frankenstein's monster is not the typical, "Karloff-esque", square-headed green-skinned guy with bolts in his neck is a big plus, and gives the film real originality.
As the opening Addams Family-esque credits by Pablo Ferro rolled over blatant love scenes between planes and phallic missiles and meadow lark love scene music trickled to my ears, I knew I was in for a treat.
 When I use the word "glamorize", I do not mean it as this film is a glossy, picture-esque view of the south, but instead I use it as a term to describe Phil Morrison direction.
 Does Morrison not believe us?<br /><br />As I disappointingly watched Junebug's southern-esque story of family and culture unfold in front of my eyes, I couldn't help but wonder why Amy Adams was being handed so much praise for her work.
The quality of animation in this movie - aided by different lens effects as seen in movies as well as 3d-esque two dimensional art - is only surpassed by the touching and thought-provoking interactions between the boys Shiro and Kuro.
 If you're looking for something more Miyazaki-esque, then I suggest you don't watch this.
 Throughout the show's seven seasons, the tone of the show matured from a teen-esque drama with vampires to a girl accepting her destiny and facing an oncoming apocalypse, and to the surprise of many the show actually worked thanks to the stong cast and pop-culture laced dialogue, and some astonishingly human stories.
The quality of animation in this movie - aided by different lens effects as seen in movies as well as 3d-esque two dimensional art - is only surpassed by the touching and thought-provoking interactions between the boys Shiro and Kuro.
 If you're looking for something more Miyazaki-esque, then I suggest you don't watch this.
I could have done without the bad humor or the Jurassic Park-esque baby Godzilla side story, but I kinda like this Godzilla.
 Bruce Willis is wonderful as the Rambo-esque superguy who outwits, outplays, and outlasts the heavily-armed killers, and reveals just enough of his tender side to endear his character to the audience.
Throw in a disgruntled Jabba-esque Scotsman who knows just the wrong things to say, and a few especially nasty gross-out moments (Austin drinking an ersatz cup o&#8217; joe, and the infamous tent scene), and you have a little something for everybody!
The movie turns into a whodunnit of sorts, but without resorting to "Scream"-esque cliches.
There's Casey (Elijah Wood), the Steven King-esque nerd, Delilah (Jordana Brewster) the cheerleader/newspaper editor, Stan (Shawn Hatosy) the jock who wants to focus on his grades, Stokely (Clea DuVall) the goth, possibly a lesbian and the fountain of all knowledge on science fiction, Mary Beth (Laura Harris) the new girl from Atlanta, and Zeke (Josh Hartnett) the bad-boy who's the school's local drug dealer.
What makes the movie so effective is the "Psycho"-esque score by Harry Manfredini and of course the memorable gore effects by Tom Savini which shocked the daylights out of people when it first came out yet they are still effective.
 It's that Gilliam-esque mastery of the absurd; treat it as if it happens  every day.
 The 7  1/2 floor is almost &quot;Gilliam-esque&quot;- in fact, when I first saw  the preview I assumed it was Terry Gilliam's (Brazil, 12 Monkeys) newest  film.
But the ultimate booby prize goes to BARB WIRE. And what boobies! From the opening FLASHDANCE-esque strip club routine, in which millions of gallons of water are sprayed onto heroine Pamela Anderson's bared casabas, Barb Wire is a perky paean to the wonders of silicone.
Just in case anyone misses the point, there's a psuedo-Jan Hammer-esque rock insturmental playing during the scene where Kirk &amp; Co.
 Aside from capturing the grittiness of Prohibition-era life, as opposed to the overly clean _Chicago_-esque images, this is an intellectual and emotional gangster film.
 Kinski is suitably virgin-esque and McDowell suitably slimy.
Her eyebrow were that exquisite Madonna-esque thickness, her lips in a permanent state of partial openness with full-on pout, her hair cut to that boyish cute, and her shoulder pads speaking volumes about her feminine authority.
 Overall, this movie was one of the best &quot;Strictly Ballroom&quot; -esque movies that I have ever seen.
Gilda gets wilder to test the limits of this bodyguard and pushes him to the brink. She performs a Latin-esque song/dance number "Amado Mio" that spells out her feelings.
 Yes, Glenn the wannabe-singer was/is talented.  However, he sings with that George Michael-esque voice that can be common.
Unexpectedly -- but in the end, not very effectively -- a Tarantino-esque dimension emerges, not care of Jackson but in the form of effete Brit crime boss Xavier, prone to opining about wines like a sommelier before viciously dispatching his opponents.
The Isaac Asimov-esque robot, the massive flood, the large-scale destruction of the undercity, the masses of vehicles travelling outside, the huge interactive set-pieces - every visual element of this movie is absolutely stunning.
In the far future in a large New York-esque city, it seems workers are struggling with people called "Thinkers" who are like the bosses that makes plans and being a big corporation.
At age 30, the uncompromising Bette Davis won her second Best Actress Oscar for her portrait as an 1852-esque Southern femme fatale set against the backdrop of antebellum New Orleans in the midst of a yellow fever outbreak.
Barnyard is no exception.<br /><br />The overall story is a subpar Lion King-esque ripoff with Sam Elliot as the patriarch of the barnyard and Kevin James as the young partying cow who doesn't take life seriously.
 It is absolutely moving and utterly Tchaikovsky-esque and left me shaken.
Another is the attempt to have a Crash/Magnolia-esque intersecting storylines as part of the set-up to make things interesting and it made me care about the characters before their inevitable deaths.
this isn't an alien film so don't expect to be rewarded by classic alien-esque suspense.
 Not uncommon, but wait... The (ha, ha) plot is made up of would be X-Men fighting poorly done matrix-esque battles (including the motorcycle highway chase) and struggling against the aliens from the 80's TV series 'V'.
I just ordered this movie, and I can't wait to get it. It looks like a real horror movie, not just some stupid Scream-esque movie.
Leonard-esque start, mystery ending.
A great little gem of a movie, part documentary, part loony Coen Bros-esque black comedy.
 Stereotypes roll out in Zappa-esque, tongue-in-cheek scene after scene.
A bit of a John Woo-esque honor-among-thieves sort of thing, sure, but the heroes are uncharacteristically more interesting than the villains this time around.
...to be oh-so-hip, so Tarantino-esque.
It perfectly shows how antagonistic the rats are compared to the Nutcracker's cheery, colorful world. The steampunk-esque technology the rats use make them quite intimidating.
 As said to Scrooge by Marley, "you'll be the only person who's cold in Hell!" - A nice little nod to the Dante-esque concept of Hell being frozen at its core.
The Tesseract starts at first glance like a low budget, Hong Kong cinema, slick matrix-esque rip-off, but then a truly amazing thing happens.
If you are expecting Deepa Mehta-esque type story telling.
(see the recurring theme here?)<p>The filmmakers seem to be shooting for some kind of Coen-esque story line, but what one gets is a confused mish-mash of scenes that never really come together, yet nevertheless culminate in a Hollywood ending that tells us "Since he's found love, all the neuroses, denial and depression he's spent a lifetime accumulating will now magically go away".
It could be the soundtrack that recalls AMERICAN GRAFFITI. It could be director Paul Thomas Anderson's Scorcese-esque approach to the filming.
 I guess in the film the future doesn't seem so future-esque.
 Combine that with Diablo Cody's Juno-esque dialogue and surprisingly good turns by Fox and Seyfried, and Jennifer's Body ends up being surprisingly enjoyable.
Combine that with Diablo Cody's Juno-esque dialogue and surprisingly good turns by Fox and Seyfried, and Jennifer's Body ends up being surprisingly enjoyable.
<p>Despite all these flaws, I really enjoyed this movie. The story is fascinating and moving, and The Sixth Sense-esque approach to depict Nash's schizophrenia from his point of view worked very well.
For somebody that knows nothing about Tintin, this is an Indiana Jones-esque story that is fun and action packed.
the World) and Joe Cornish (Attack the Block). It opens with a Saul Bass-esque sequence which is so full of energy and charm that I knew I was in for something special.
Splendidly combining live-animal action with Jim Henson-esque animatronics, Noonan's irresistible "Babe" is a story about flouting convention and realizing one's potential.
 Typical Peckinpah.  Powerful, nonetheless.  And Jerry Fielding wrote a brilliant, Stravinsky-esque musical score.
 Typical Peckinpah.  Powerful, nonetheless.  And Jerry Fielding wrote a brilliant, Stravinsky-esque musical score.
 The only respite from the mayhem is &quot;Spoke In The Wheel,&quot; a Skynyrd-esque ballad which Zakk performs alone with his Les Paul.
 He has zero, and I mean no chemistry with the barbie-esque Christie, who only needs a gingham dress to remind me of one of the gals from Petticoat Junction.
well, actually still looks pretty impressively Kraken-esque.
There was some style to this film that I was not expecting. Although there was some surreal Lethal Weapon-esque moments I did enjoy the overall humor and chemistry between Jonah and Channing.
Not as memorable as that movie, "Deranaged" is still a very documentary-esque look at the mind of a serial killer long before there was "Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer", it's a nail-biting suspense shocker that will hit you in the stomach.
There was some style to this film that I was not expecting. Although there was some surreal Lethal Weapon-esque moments I did enjoy the overall humor and chemistry between Jonah and Channing.
Bean-esque" non-dialogue (en francais plutot), and the general lack of plot.
Wayne's Bligh-like Dunson and Clift's Fletcher Christian-esque Garth are terrific characters in large part because the leisurely pace of the film gives them time to grow and change, gives us the audience a real feel that weeks have passed and that Dunson's growing madness - and Garth's growing sense of authority - aren't just sudden movie plot devices, but real changes in personality brought into place through real conditions.
This is definitely a fun movie to watch with friends. From the light saber duel with the giant snake, the Kill Bill-esque anime sequences,to the zombie baby attack,it is non-stop action from start to finish!
I've just purchased season 2 via stream on amazon.  It sometimes has a little bit of a Macgyver-esque quality to it which I also like, which sometimes doesn't 100% make sense because while I know Jane is very intelligent and clever it doesn't always make sense why he knows random things.
I agree with everyone who says he stole the movie. I loved how he just camped it up, he was almost going quite Python-esque in some scenes, just with his little mannerisms and quirks.
 I will also state that there were some "Matrix-esque" signature CG moments that were done very well.
Perhaps it's the PG rating, but I feel that the dark side of Montana--seamy, smoke-filled, Lolo-esque, where lost souls lurk in the shadows of drunkenness and addiction--is never fully realized (case-in-point: Paul, as well as Jessie's brother).
 It was a lot funnier to watch the citizens of Rawdon react with horror to the Romberg-esque operetta music, also originally used without the singing for the main titles.
 I will also state that there were some "Matrix-esque" signature CG moments that were done very well.
First, there was the demon-esque vampire makeup.
Avery Brooks, Nana Visitor, Colm Meaney, Terry Farrell and Michael Dorn take turns as characters in a James Bond-esque fantasy realm.
But Reynold's psychotic Johnny-esque preformance was definitely worth admission price on the day after opening.
The amazon review for this film says "that is boring to describe a movie as tarantino-esque, but that this film fits the shoe".
A Guy Ritchie esque plot with confusing changing alliances in the gangster world. And Tarantino-esque dialogue.
 Make no mistake the revolting peasants were not a mass of Ghandi-esque passive resisters, and he'd already issued two calls for them to bring the revolt to a peaceful end before he finally endorsed the Princes taking control by force.
 The script reminded me of someone trying to be Quentin Tarantino-esque, but falling pitifully short.
 One of the reasons I liked this movie so much was that it just seemed so Corman-esque in nature, like it was made just for the hell of it.
On previous Bakshi films the live action film bleeds through, not so on Fire and Ice, the vibrant Frazetta-esque colors suck you into the world of the movie.
 To my delight, it was very thrilling and Hitchcock-esque in nature.
The sexual humor is abundant, or even extreme at some times, but it's all in good fun.<br /><br />Don't miss the Python-esque battle sequences in the climax.
 Even if you don't like boxing, even if you're hoping for a ROCKY-esque film, you won't be disappointed in MILLION DOLLAR BABY.
 Much of the success rests with James Nesbitt, he performs beautifully in a dual role.  Alternately nerdy and Tom Jones-esque, he seems to be having a wonderful time, and drags you along with him.
Look, I even get the fact the Shayamalan meant this to be a sort of "B-esque" movie.
 In one of the movie's more "Shyamalan-esque" moments, the explanation actually is anticipated very early in the film by a high school student in science class.
Look, I even get the fact the Shayamalan meant this to be a sort of "B-esque" movie.
Depp's performance was too Michael Jackson-esque for my liking.
For, make no mistake, Tim Burton's adaptation of Roald Dahl's classic novel, is very "Burton-esque.
The real star of this story is not the quasi-humans who populate its color-saturated Dali-esque landscape, but the candy around whom their lives center.
Look also for the "Sgt. Pepper"-esque nut house with the (largely real) team of nut-cracking squirrels, the "2001: Space Odyssey" (with the bombastic Strauss fanfare) WonkaVision studios, and other touches that really make Depp, in particular, such a marvelously spooky-kooky guy.
Therefore if you are not a child, but still enjoy dooby-enhanced mind trip or generally odd, Alice-in-Wonderland-esque stories, then you will find interest in this movie.
 The initial scenes of Charlie's crooked, dilapidated house and the huge city that surrounds it are as Dahl-esque as you can hope for.
 They're almost DALI-esque, in fact.
Namely the character Augra is being dubbed with Frank Oz's Miss Piggy-esque voice over and of course there is no music or post-production.
 On the way, he encounters Keira, a girl gelfling, her pomeranian-esque pet, Fizgig (a creature with two sets of teeth and a raging temper), the musical potlins (little hippy creatures who have a lust for life and great music), and many other twists and turns.
After megadoses of Terminator-esque computerized special effects, I love a good low budget flick where the film makers make the most with what they have.
 Even if you don't like boxing, even if you're hoping for a ROCKY-esque film, you won't be disappointed in MILLION DOLLAR BABY.
the film is actually sad, but has a very truthful feeling. it is filmed reality show-esque, with a "bouncing camera".
 The story does measure up and the cheesy special effects only add to the fun.  It's a Monty Python-esque view of space and travel  in general with great commentary on our society and its peculiarities.
The creatures in this movie are quite HP Lovecraft-esque as they are all done by animatronics rather then CGI and the gore effects are so over the top such as the eyeball ripping sequence for instance that you'll need an umbrella to prevent more blood from spilling.
Don't let the mild mannered Beatles' album-esque cover of this movie fool you.
As he struggles against giving the order for a My Lai-esque massacre of an unarmed Turkish convoy, Lawrence's face [animated by the incomparable acting of Peter O'Toole] all but says: "Now could I drink hot blood!
As he struggles against giving the order for a My Lai-esque massacre of an unarmed Turkish convoy, Lawrence's face [animated by the incomparable acting of Peter O'Toole] all but says: "Now could I drink hot blood!
This fact turned off a large number of viewers who were looking for another Spiderman-esque kid-friendly film.
This fact turned off a large number of viewers who were looking for another Spiderman-esque kid-friendly film.
(see the recurring theme here?)<p>The filmmakers seem to be shooting for some kind of Coen-esque story line, but what one gets is a confused mish-mash of scenes that never really come together, yet nevertheless culminate in a Hollywood ending that tells us "Since he's found love, all the neuroses, denial and depression he's spent a lifetime accumulating will now magically go away".
Max (Jean Gabin at his most Mitchum-esque), an aging hood who has pulled off a massive airport robbery and plans to retire quietly to the country, sits in his apartment one night with his old friend, the somewhat lunk-headed Riton (Rene Dary).
This is Ben Stiller-esque style comedy with the subtle nuances of facial ticks and casual glances - I find Miles Chapin to be a very, very funny and charming actor!
Actually, this is pretty much the whole movie. David Cronenberg's Matrix-esque film was one of the many cyberpunk films of 1999, among &quot;The Matrix,&quot; &quot;The Thirteenth Floor,&quot; and &quot;Menno's Mind.
Okay, so the Epcot-esque finale is more fromage than homage, and is remniscent of the touchy-feely, ending of THE ABYSS.
its..."mature" aspects. No there's no sex but there's some small amounts of violence(don't worry, nothing Sleepy Hollow-esque here).
Jimbob" in these pages) that this is a modern Kurosawa-esque film.
 Also some of these fantasy scenes are a touch `python-esque' as well, especially where there is a troop of dancing policemen in fish-net tights!
Wow!<br /><br />Climbing ladders to the stars, dancing policemen in mini-skirts (very Python-esque), crazy trappings, screwy colors -- a druggie's dream for sure.
though that is probably only because both star Isla Fisher... what I got, though, was a gag-full American Pie-esque romp centering on two individuals with just the right amount of crazy that makes it hard to root for them either separately, let alone together.
Simon Zealotes is a Rambo-esque character and comes complete with machine guns and bandoleers.
D-Wars is, from start to finish, a series of melodramatic moments highlighted here and there by Power Rangers-esque special effects.
 Amanda Brooks, Roswell's Jason Behr, and Robert Forster star in this flick, which features gigantic, reptilian-esque creatures wreaking havoc as much as one can imagine.
She has talent, but unfortunately is stuck with the films lamest lines. People criticize the films 'Matrix-esque' effects and stunts.
This movie contains a bit of everything: Coen-esque directing, which is always a pro, a witty screenplay, funny storyline, very well casted, etc.
With the help of Green Day, Albert Brooks (the french bowler Jacques or Hank Scorpio, the Bond-esque villain from the show) and Tom Hanks, the film's at least a winner a good chunk of the time which is surprising considering the actual show's output lately.
 He also talks about Slow Dancer as the most Zeppelin-esque of all the Plant/Blunt compositions - something with which I think most of us would agree.
I think both are partially correct; the idea of the Rube Goldberg-esque supernatural death almost certainly came down to Final Destination through the original Omen, but the feel of the deaths here is very twenty-first century.
Michelle Williams is great, but I am coming to the belief that she is Clooney-esque in that she has limited range, but what she does, she does extremely well.
You may pleasantly be surprised. People that enjoy Corman-esque films may give this a higher rating yet I believe that it is trying excessively hard to be campy.
You may pleasantly be surprised. People that enjoy Corman-esque films may give this a higher rating yet I believe that it is trying excessively hard to be campy.
You may pleasantly be surprised. People that enjoy Corman-esque films may give this a higher rating yet I believe that it is trying excessively hard to be campy.
Unlike the so-so comic book-esque TOMBSTONE, WYATT EARP tells the real story and takes its time doing so.
 This duo evidently wanted to capture a somber Louis L'Amour-esque look on-screen (the costuming is a dead giveaway), as their tragic interpretation of Earp's life story often resembles an Old West version of "The Godfather," replacing mobsters with frontier cops.
 Returning to Missouri to study law under his grandfather (Giorgio E. Tripoli), a judge, he revives a Dante-esque romance with Urilla Sutherland (Annabeth Gish), marries her, loses her to typhoid within a year, and goes on a nine-month drunk that ends when he steals a horse and is bailed out by his father.
A great little gem of a movie, part documentary, part loony Coen Bros-esque black comedy.
 I never would have thought this movie would be anything more than mediocre.  The title and the Lake Placid-esque cover seemed to promise a turkey but "Frankenfish" turned out to be a little gem peppered with generous doses of gore and nudity.
But the ultimate booby prize goes to BARB WIRE. And what boobies! From the opening FLASHDANCE-esque strip club routine, in which millions of gallons of water are sprayed onto heroine Pamela Anderson's bared casabas, Barb Wire is a perky paean to the wonders of silicone.
Primal Scream at their best are acid house/70's era stones-esque/gospel tinged/with a fair amount of art-rock thrown in for good measure.
 He even has a brief training montage which includes some Rocky-esque sweaty ab work.
 And for someone expecting to see a new Final Fantasy-esque storyline on the silver screen, my expectations were not met.
I personally didn't like it, it was a pain to watch but the LordOfTheRings-esque backdrop eye-candy scenery and buildings made it bearable.
Instead I was disappointed to find an Indianna Jones-esque adventure.
 While the script isn't full-tilt perfect, and yes, it is Canadian so the cinematagrophy is very TV-esque (haven't you ever watched any other Canadian films?
 Me so witty!).  It never proposes to offer more than Loony Toons-esque humor (with some decidedly adult twists).
Beautiful, "Parent Trap-esque" Movie!
 But, who watches this sorta film for the plot?  Stylistically, I was shocked by just how Fulci-esque this film is.
Although the Italian horror/slasher genre of the 1970's includes many films that aren't exactly Disney-esque, I found "The New York Ripper" to be a particularly unpleasant ride.
The fact that this Frankenstein's monster is not the typical, "Karloff-esque", square-headed green-skinned guy with bolts in his neck is a big plus, and gives the film real originality.
Let me just start out by saying how much I LOVE this show... Never did I think I would love a "musical-esque" TV Show!
I've got to hand it to Roger Corman for this one; Wasp Woman is a pretty darn good movie (albeit with vintage Corman-esque not so special effects).
Those looking for a Guinea Pig-esque experience will no doubt be grandly disappointed by all this.
Maybe. This film has PLENTY of each depicted in explicit, oozing, Burroughs-esque detail.
What makes the movie so effective is the "Psycho"-esque score by Harry Manfredini and of course the memorable gore effects by Tom Savini which shocked the daylights out of people when it first came out yet they are still effective.
As Reggie, Shavar Ross also adds a welcome spot of cultural diversity to the cast, although his character's Prince-esque brother Demon (Miguel A.
But for those wanting to experience something a little different- a Hollywood-esque attempt at a history lesson with some tango, pop, and theatre thrown in, EVITA may be the movie for you.
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00007KGCW">Finding Nemo</a>). He even has a Nemo-esque physical disability: he can't fly.
 I adore the mix of marzipan colors and MTV video-esque imagery, you really feel submerged in a teenager's world of gluttony and flirtation.
Everyone here is pitch-perfect: Hepburn, Holden, Bogie and the incomparable Billy Wilder.  This is a classic Cinderella-esque story of a young, poor girl hopelessly in love with the son of her father's employer.
They lost the meaning and it proved to be a typical Twilight Zone-esque horror movie without much intellectual content.
Also, catch Melissa Joan Hart the Dee Dees, a tempting pair of Harley Quinn-esque teen villains.
Imagine "I Am Legend" being remade for roughly $50,000 and you have this movie's flavor. Zombie-esque vampire plague destroys most of America, leaving a few enclave towns (oddly) untouched and most of the nation a wasteland.
I don't know if Damici is a great actor (this is the first time I've seen his work), but he fits this Eastwood-esque role like a worn leather glove.
<p>The film's plot centers around a Star Chamber-esque group and their new hit-man recruit, Remo Williams (Ward), who they set on the trail of a corrupt government contractor (Charles "Section Chief Blevins on the X-Files" Cioffi).
Even still, his work breathes further life into a film that was already bubbling over with the stuff. With a Burton-esque sense of humor, a rich, vibrant plot that never seems to take a break and some grand, convincing special effects, it's a gothic fairy tale with a little something for everybody.
As other reviewers have mentioned here this film has a definite Burton-esque quality to it, which is no bad thing, and shows how good a job the actual director, Brad Silberling, did.
A beautiful, Tim Burton-esque adaptation of the popular children's book series.
I've never read the books, but I found this movie to be quite entertaining in a dreary, Tim Burton-esque way.
 Except for a few Carey-esque smirks and squeals that really didn't reach the level of annoyance that I usually feel watching a Jim Carey movie, he does an outstanding job.
While they may be down on their luck, their basic dignity is well illustrated in typical  Capra-esque fashion, and the film provides an excellent example that people  of all ages and station can be represented as interesting and attractive  characters.
Period.) The "Alien-esque" spawns of the beast were also very well done (one of the characters meets a horrible fate due to one of them.
 This film is basically a civilian's account of a Godzila-esque attack and it works on that level.
It uses a mockumentary-esque feel to it and makes you feel like your part of the movie too with it's DV camera filmmaking and good performances by the cast.
 The only drawback was the collection of slacker, twentysomething, dude-esque nincompoops running around in front of the camera.
You've got an all star cast and a John Hughes-esque direction that can't be beat.
The girl grows up to be a stripper, played blandly by a Lolita-esque Jessica Alba.
The characters ramble on in moments of deep thought, revealing what makes them tick. It's filled to the brim with Arnold-esque one-liners.
There's also a lot of Tarantino-esque recursion in the plot line (not to mention that the character of Miho is straight out the Crazy-88 in _Kill Bill_, and so are her weapons), reminiscent of _Pulp Fiction_: The beginning isn't necessarily the beginning, nor is the end the end.
The "special-effects" graphics and video manipulation delivering cartoon-esque visual cinema has been done ad nauseum--"Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid", "Roger Rabbitt", "Forrest Gump", "Gladiator", are all better examples of like talents used to better results.
The girl grows up to be a stripper, played blandly by a Lolita-esque Jessica Alba.
But the robots have other plans for him... The back of the Neo Tokyo DVD case describes this tale perfectly as "Bradbury-esque.
the former having a pretty humorous story, the latter having a bizarre, but humorous story and a great Disney-esque animation of Ren freaking out at the end.
This sub-plot portrayed Dr. No as a poor Frankenstein-esque creature that was just a product of his horrible experiences and mistreatment by a world that rejected him.
This sub-plot portrayed Dr. No, as a poor Frankenstein-esque creature that was just a product of his horrible experiences, and mistreatment by a world that rejected him.
 All the others are new and of inconsistent quality.  Donald Duck is a Noah-esque hero set to Elgar's Pomp and Circumstance; butterflies dance to Beethoven's 5th Symphony; whales fly as we hear Respighi's Pines of Rome; Al Hirschfeld-esque drawings animate Gershwin's Rhapsody in Blue; Saint-Saen's Carnival of the Animals is accompanied by flamingos with a yo-yo; Nature battles destructive forces to Stravinsky's Firebird Suite; and Shostakovich's Piano Concerto No.
I would expect the music to be fluid and flowing like the moves but it's nightclub-esque however without the melodies.
Very little of this film makes much sense. Even the "under the waterfall" sequence, which promised a David Hamilton-esque interlude, ultimately led nowhere as a side-plot that proved nothing that could not have been mentioned in passing.
The plot itself was a bit silly and melodramatic and had a fairy-tale-esque quality, however, once you get past the ludicrous beginning, (the cattle stampede and the slaves running on all-fours), the film became entertaining.
The film is a gritty,  thought-provoking drama which does not feel the need to have a  Hollywood-esque 'happy' ending.
The music is very Rick Wakeman-esque at times and sometimes it's suspenseful but still a bad movie.
I was not disappointed with this purchase. Yes, it's absurd in a philosophical sense and I think Monty-Python-esque is a somewhat appropriate description.
fun.  Chameleon-esque bounty hunters (Flanagan), sexy black widows (Keys and Henson), brute force anarchists (Pine, Durand, and Sterling), mookish bail bondsmen (Affleck), wild cards, and black suits descend on the Nomad on the same fatal day.
**1/2<br /><br />Joe Carnahan`s "Smokin' Aces" is a Tarantino-esque crime drama with a cast of characters almost as extensive  as the one in "War and Peace.
Nightmares, hello! He appears in an almost Adam & Eve-esque scenario.
 Almost every joke, gag and laughable moment is mostly original with a Family Guy-esque feel.
The Prime Gig, directed by Gregory Mosher and written by Bill Wheeler, is good stuff. A sort of Mamet-esque tale of telemarketing and betrayal.
And all the students at the school are wearing nazi-esque patches that are to protest the Nuclear  Power Plant that is to be built.
Another "Interpreter"-esque drama about the plight of Africa and the West's role in exacerbating it.
Then there's just the weird visuals such as Jack's weird odyssey in the locker where it's almost Gilliam-esque in its weirdness but it becomes a slight running gag that is funny yes but it's kind of unneeded.
 The gang is headed up by a slimey, Fagin-esque Robin Williams, to whom the kids give the money they earn as street buskers.
 While walking around the streets of New York he meets a wise talking, Boondocks-esque musical prodigy named Arthur who leads him to a group of other musical prodigies.
 Robin Williams is wiley as the Fagin-esque Wizard and the pizza thing reminds me of Oliver Twist "Please Sir, I want more!
so werewolves and vampires were out, Satanism in. So here we get a Wheatley-esque story of powerful people sucked into devil-worship grafted onto an old fashioned Dracula story.
Directed by Jodie Foster, this is a great Twilight Zone-esque episode.
 I needed something from Callow that brought these two out of the David Lynch-esque relationship that they had.
 She is an actress whose young son begins uttering Freddy-esque threats as the city is rocked by earthquakes.
For example, the way Freddy kills &quot;John Doe&quot; with his Wile E. Coyote-esque rig and stuff of the sort.
I agree. Without that element of slight brutality, it would have been just another journal-esque movie about a family.
Warhol was trying to do.<br /><br />I even get the whole "Let's-make-fun-of-all-the-has-been-Hollywood-Lana-Turner-esque-bimbos" out there.
 john mellencamp's do re mi is fun, fulfilling, and true in spirit to woody.  somehow, a synthesizer, 80s-esque little richard pulls off 'rock island line' and does leadbelly proud.
 Idris Elba is always welcome as far as I'm concerned.  Yes, the tone of this movie is much darker - less Disney-esque - and a tiny bit gruesome, but that is Ghost Rider!
 After a brilliant, Mignola-esque animated sequence zipping us through Johnny Blaze's deal with the devil that transformed him into the Ghost Rider, we learn he's been hiding out from civilization out in eastern Europe.
Reminds me of this scene from Annie Hall:<br /><br />Pam: Sex with you is really a Kafka-esque experience.
the film is actually sad, but has a very truthful feeling. it is filmed reality show-esque, with a "bouncing camera".
Is Sandler pushing the envelope as a woman? Sure, that is the point. Very Tootsie and Mrs. Doubtfire-esque.
or super-hero-esque.
 Neeson is very convincing as a calm, collected, demolition man who knows all sorts of random, McGuyver-esque tricks and barely breaks a sweat as he chases cars on foot, takes out a dozen guys in a minute, and breaks all manners of bones and heads, while wrecking parts of Paris, to track down his daughter.
Eventually the nest is traced to the giant Godzilla-esque storage shed behind the club, and the heroes and the DEA agent have a climactic battle of a silly yet disgusting kind.
As for the film itself - by now, everyone knows that it's a Campbell-esque &quot;hero's journey&quot; dressed up as a gothic horror/suspense yarn.
 The gang is headed up by a slimey, Fagin-esque Robin Williams, to whom the kids give the money they earn as street buskers.
 While walking around the streets of New York he meets a wise talking, Boondocks-esque musical prodigy named Arthur who leads him to a group of other musical prodigies.
 Robin Williams is wiley as the Fagin-esque Wizard and the pizza thing reminds me of Oliver Twist "Please Sir, I want more!
Those of you who don't get the whole Python-esque humor won't appreciate this either.
 It is almost Leone-esque in its gradually escalating tension and, though Owen is a blank he's a blank for a very particular reason.
Wayne's Bligh-like Dunson and Clift's Fletcher Christian-esque Garth are terrific characters in large part because the leisurely pace of the film gives them time to grow and change, gives us the audience a real feel that weeks have passed and that Dunson's growing madness - and Garth's growing sense of authority - aren't just sudden movie plot devices, but real changes in personality brought into place through real conditions.
 It's that Gilliam-esque mastery of the absurd; treat it as if it happens  every day.
 The 7  1/2 floor is almost &quot;Gilliam-esque&quot;- in fact, when I first saw  the preview I assumed it was Terry Gilliam's (Brazil, 12 Monkeys) newest  film.
 He soon abondons his Kafka-esque existence and stops going to work, dumps his nagging b**tch of a girlfriend, and gets the courage to ask out a disgruntled waitress (Aniston).
its..."mature" aspects. No there's no sex but there's some small amounts of violence(don't worry, nothing Sleepy Hollow-esque here).
add to this fledgling CGI, from Industrial Light &amp; Magic; some Disney-esque lightness, (and some Disney-esque darkness), in a well-balanced way, and most of all, characters who secure your emotional interest until the final credit has rolled.
With modern westerns becoming more and more watered down into Michael Bay-esque shoot-out snoozefests, it's hard to find that progressive story line that used to be commonplace in the true westerns of the 50's, 60's and 70's.
His Chaplin-esque gestures and facial expressions speak volumes.
 His Chaplin-esque gestures and facial expressions speak volumes.
 (You can immediately see the difference the moment Charles Previn's George Gerschwin-esque music kicks in).
 When showing Darger's paintings, I didn't need to see little soldier's arms moving in some rip-off Monty Python-esque style.
I especially loved the ending, it was original.<p>There is a Tenchi-esque feel to this series, so if you like Tenchi, you'll love this.
Much of the movie has a bit of a "Phone Booth"-esque feel to it.
Don't watch this if you want a Transformers -esque action movie.
This fact turned off a large number of viewers who were looking for another Spiderman-esque kid-friendly film.
 It's that Gilliam-esque mastery of the absurd; treat it as if it happens  every day.
 The 7  1/2 floor is almost &quot;Gilliam-esque&quot;- in fact, when I first saw  the preview I assumed it was Terry Gilliam's (Brazil, 12 Monkeys) newest  film.
But the ultimate booby prize goes to BARB WIRE. And what boobies! From the opening FLASHDANCE-esque strip club routine, in which millions of gallons of water are sprayed onto heroine Pamela Anderson's bared casabas, Barb Wire is a perky paean to the wonders of silicone.
 Highly recommended, this is a film that would never have been made a generation ago, before the Oprah-esque confessional came into vogue.
 The cinematography is the strongest aspect of this movie.  You'll be transported into a beautiful Eden-esque valley that seems too good to be true.
This film is as Burton-esque as BEETLEJUICE, EDWARD SCISSORHANDS and BATMAN RETURNS (and everything else that Burton has done).
Frankenstein. Shelley Duvall and Daniel Stern play his very Leave It To Beaver-esque parents.
 What wil happen?  Will life imitate art and will this relationship end in Tennessee Williams-esque frustration and tragedy?
Other than her appearance, the film is fairly engaging in a dark and understated Woody Allen-esque sort of way.
Someone is killing prostitutes in a very Jack The Ripper-esque fashion on the 100 year anniversaries of The Ripper's original murders.
if you are looking for a Dirty Harry-esque cool fest from eastwood, you will be dissappointed.
Yet, somehow what I once thought impossible, without going cheesy, B-movie-esque with the whole production, was brought to an entertaining reality.
 I could care less about the silly flash-esque games, the documentaries, storyboards, family game night features, sing-a-long, crap.
 It has an abundance of disappointing sophomoric jokes, but then they always rally  after with a great Mr. Show-esque gag.
Sure, early on, Lee and Griffith engage in an unpromising Steven Seagal-esque `pattycake fight', but beyond that, it's cool sailing: it doesn't look as though Lee had let up on his jeet kune do training since the Bruce Lee movie, as he appears in fine form throughout the remaining four battles, which include a neat, unexpected 19th century stickfight with a trio of nasty policemen.
However, over time I have seen the movie repeatedly & despite my initial feeling of it being done too hippy-esque I have come appreciate it for the fine film that it truly is.
Multiple times this season Clark is seen lamenting the very fact that he was ever sent to Earth...not a "Superman-esque" attitude whatsoever.
 Multiple times this season Clark is seen lamenting the very fact that he was ever sent to Earth...not a "Superman-esque" attitude whatsoever.
While they may be down on their luck, their basic dignity is well illustrated in typical  Capra-esque fashion, and the film provides an excellent example that people  of all ages and station can be represented as interesting and attractive  characters.
Jamal soon learns that the old man is William Forrester, a J.D. Salinger-esque novelist who wrote one widely acclaimed novel (think "Catcher In The Rye") and then disappeared from public view.
 He's perfect as the boozing J.D. Salinger-esque recluse, a man who can dominate a room by just raising one of his disheveled eyebrows.
 ///// Dana: Hello, Peter. Peter Venkman: [whips around Melodramatically, and speaks in a soap opera-esque deep tone] Hello, Dana.
 The same types of fade outs are used and the ending was shocking but in a sixth sense -esque way.
Even still, his work breathes further life into a film that was already bubbling over with the stuff. With a Burton-esque sense of humor, a rich, vibrant plot that never seems to take a break and some grand, convincing special effects, it's a gothic fairy tale with a little something for everybody.
As other reviewers have mentioned here this film has a definite Burton-esque quality to it, which is no bad thing, and shows how good a job the actual director, Brad Silberling, did.
A beautiful, Tim Burton-esque adaptation of the popular children's book series.
I've never read the books, but I found this movie to be quite entertaining in a dreary, Tim Burton-esque way.
 Except for a few Carey-esque smirks and squeals that really didn't reach the level of annoyance that I usually feel watching a Jim Carey movie, he does an outstanding job.
 They must rise to the supreme challenge after the reigning superhero, a corporate-sponsored, Ken Doll-esque Greg Kinnear, gets vaporized by one of the good guys.
It could be the soundtrack that recalls AMERICAN GRAFFITI. It could be director Paul Thomas Anderson's Scorcese-esque approach to the filming.
 Dialogue, as always for Scorsese, is great with some of Nicholson's lines being Tarantino-esque.
 This movie tries too hard to be like other movies.  From the beginning long shot with Nicholson voice-over to the Joker-esque facial musings, Matt Damon sounding like he just stepped off the Good Will Hunting set, it was just kind of sad.
 The beginning scene with the "cream" filled wash cloth and the condom in the hair, very American Pie-esque.
 Bruce Willis is wonderful as the Rambo-esque superguy who outwits, outplays, and outlasts the heavily-armed killers, and reveals just enough of his tender side to endear his character to the audience.
Also noteworthy for its sprawl and ensemble work, both of which are Altman-esque.
This was very Altman-esque, with lots of activity and talk at once making the subtitles difficult to follow.
The closing performance of the movie with U2 presents a very U2-esque version of `Tower of song' that could have sounded better if performed live, which is not the case.
The movie does get into scenes that are downright Monty Python-esque, as in the scene when Lord Uxbridge loses his leg to an artillery shell.
Screen Sensation Michael Gambon (Sleepy Hollow, Gosford Park) gives dark and true Gene Hackman-esque (Unforgiven) performance as the cold-hearted Sheriff of the town the cowboys have stumbled upon.
 Expanses of wild ocean, unexplored wilderness, toll collecting trolls and even Peter Pan-esque pirate ships make the grade in The Lost Treasure.
This is not a boring documentary nor is it the Disney-esque fare that you seen in the trailer, however its not depressing by any means.
 Rockwell and Jackson turn in inspired, albeit secondary efforts.  Johannson is minimally used, but serves her Matrix-esque purpose in a skin-tight outfit and awesome fight scene.
 We watch a film that would have done Disney proud as the "Key to the Future" is revealed (complete with Disney-esque music and style) but is actually more than it seems -- and gives Tony a key to his future.
I particularly enjoyed Clive Owen's brief cameo as a James Bond-esque superspy (which makes me even more sad to see the James Bond that should have been.
And it never strays to the realm of the over-the-top murder tales that are full of larger-than-life characters and Clue-esque easy answers.
I can see why this long pregnant wait leaves some viewers wraught. But personally I found this Agatha Christie-esque unravelling of each individual's idiosynchrasies fascinating, because it sets up a "motive" for several of our characters.
It's twice as much fun if many people COULD have executed the murder. <p>Enter: Stephen Fry as a very Sherlock Holmes-esque investigator, pipe and trenchcoat and all.
While one might expect a Shatner-esque, over-the-top performance from Carrey, to which we've become accustomed in his comedic work, we are instead given a performance that is both subtle and remarkably powerful.
What do our memories look like if shown as a movie? Dali-esque, if Gondry is to be believed, complete with melting faces.
S plays an ex-FBI agent who had to retire for various Dirty Harry-esque actions/brutality.
She has talent, but unfortunately is stuck with the films lamest lines. People criticize the films 'Matrix-esque' effects and stunts.
Hmmm! This one caught me by surprise. It's an un-Spike Lee-esque joint.
The movie intrigued me. I'm usually wary of comic book or superhero-esque movies, but in retrospect it well done.
 Burton's first big budget feature effort had been Pee Wee's Big Adventure (1985), a zany Caligari-esque journey in craoyla colors.
 Burton's first big budget feature effort had been Pee Wee's Big Adventure (1985), a zany Caligari-esque journey in craoyla colors.
And it wouldn't be a Star Wars-esque movie if it didn't have its comic relief, this time it comes in the guise of hapless wizard, Ergo.
 This is not the shoddy Ted Turner-esque colorization of the 1980s, and the advance of technology in the interim decades certainly shows in a positive way.
 This after his picture-esque Norman Rockwell-type family is uprooted by the kidnapping of his nine-year-old daughter.
A year after the couragous mutant team known as the X-Men, there has been a terrorist mutant attack made by Devil-esque mutant named Nightcrawler (Alan Cumming) in the White House.
A year after the couragous mutant team known as the X-Men, there has been a terrorist mutant attack made by Devil-esque mutant named Nightcrawler (Alan Cumming) in the White House.
A year after the couragous mutant team known as the X-Men, there has been a terrorist mutant attack made by Devil-esque mutant named Nightcrawler (Alan Cumming) in the White House.
The Isaac Asimov-esque robot, the massive flood, the large-scale destruction of the undercity, the masses of vehicles travelling outside, the huge interactive set-pieces - every visual element of this movie is absolutely stunning.
In the far future in a large New York-esque city, it seems workers are struggling with people called "Thinkers" who are like the bosses that makes plans and being a big corporation.
 In what seems like a Kaufman-esque joke on his audience Carrey reverts back to his Ace Ventura form as a split personality, so misrepresented, so misdiagnosed that I wonder if the writers bothered to pick up a medical book in researching this.
beautiful, dipsy Rose, the sex-addicted Daddy, the McCartney-esque Pastor and his cute-as-a-button wife and the cringing neighbors.
The sexual humor is abundant, or even extreme at some times, but it's all in good fun.<br /><br />Don't miss the Python-esque battle sequences in the climax.
 <p>Spinning this tale of murder and corruption in a Nazi-esque England was pure genius -- Richard's murderous successes gain a momentum that is reminiscent of Hitler's and Stalin's respective power grabs, and we get a true sense of danger from Richard's ascension.
I agree with everyone who says he stole the movie. I loved how he just camped it up, he was almost going quite Python-esque in some scenes, just with his little mannerisms and quirks.
 In dreams, Marlene Dietrich-esque beauties hold court poised on glass legs filled with beer.
Diddy himself manages to do more than stare blankly with mouth agape.  The Raymond Carver-esque story intertwines a series of tragedies stemming from an execution, all of which could become camp if it weren't for the capable approach of director Marc Forster.
 Olga is played by Natascha McElhone.  Ms. McElhone is fortunate to have been blessed with model-esque good looks; if you look carefully you can see her being out-acted by a footstool, a washstand, and a pair of knitting needles.
 It also is a pretty funny movie starring Billy Dee Williams as a Satchel Paige-esque pitcher who's supremely self-confident, so much so that he throws his world famous "Invite Pitch" to hitters without players manning the field.
There is no way that the Duke of York would have uttered a string of Disney-esque verbiage.
Christopher Walken has a great time doing a parody of himself throughout the movie. He's hilarious as he does his Walken-esque soliloquies for everyone except the people that might actually have gotten a clue from his ramblings and figured out that this backwoods bad guy has more than one screw loose.
Christopher Walken has a great time doing a parody of himself throughout the movie. He's hilarious as he does his Walken-esque soliloquies for everyone except the people that might actually have gotten a clue from his ramblings and figured out that this backwoods bad guy has more than one screw loose.
There is no way that the Duke of York would have uttered a string of Disney-esque verbiage.
 In fact there were times when Max was delivering what was evidently supposed to be a Woody Allen-esque riff, but the results were so flat and uninspired that I honestly started to wonder if the scene was intended as comedy at all.
The overall animation is slow vintage, in the early part, 101 Dalmations-esque, in the Beat Generation section, and Wild and MOD, in the final section.
Is Sandler pushing the envelope as a woman? Sure, that is the point. Very Tootsie and Mrs. Doubtfire-esque.
 Failing on potential, the Tarantino-esque violence could only carry him so far, and the rest was utter embarrassment.
The Prime Gig, directed by Gregory Mosher and written by Bill Wheeler, is good stuff. A sort of Mamet-esque tale of telemarketing and betrayal.
Instead, I got a very HAMMER-esque feature w/ a great cast, including Christopher Lee (HORROR EXPRESS, CREEPING FLESH, THE WICKER MAN, etc.
The film DAVE could be called "Capra-esque" to a point with its optimism and feel good ending.
Kevin Kline's performance brings to mind a Jimmy Stewart-type performance (hence the reference to Capra-esque and "Mr Smith.
wierd movie.<br /><br />yuki-onna-esque.
the voice of the prosecutor is done by John Vernon, the actor who portrayed Dean Wormer in Animal House), the EC-esque B-17 (aka Gremlins, which went through so many script revisions, it's a miracle it got finished at all), the bizarrely hilarious So Beautiful And So Dangerous (ok, maybe there's some truth to the juvenilia charges during this segment, but only a corpse could keep from laughing at this piece), and revenge scenario of Taarna (imagine a tougher, sexier version of Xena, only about a decade and a half earlier).
Absolute eye candy for sure. Plus he gets points for twisting such a traditional genre, what with that whole fairy tale-esque thing and all.
Getting back to the directionality, though, I really like the overall sound design and the comic book-esque effects they created.
 I could care less about the silly flash-esque games, the documentaries, storyboards, family game night features, sing-a-long, crap.
The cheap looking quality made it look almost documentary-esque, as if you're right there with them.
(And reveals the terrors of "detrimental robots" which rob a person of blood). In the CGI-esque realm, he finds a beautiful, nude woman chained in a cave.
I was very surprised watching this ancient dungeons and dragons-esque film.
Considering the Columbine type content, I'm surprised it hasn't been banned. It's an 80's shocker, kind of Fight Club-esque.
After Veronica begins to despise her supposed friends, she meets up with Jason Dean, played by the young "Jack Nicholson-esque" Christian Slater, whom helps to escalate this hatred for the Heathers (and some others.
Die hard alien enthusiast impaled themselves on Giger-esque protrusions the second this movie came out.
It makes NIGHT WATCH, the first of this two-part series, almost Disney-esque.
The quality of animation in this movie - aided by different lens effects as seen in movies as well as 3d-esque two dimensional art - is only surpassed by the touching and thought-provoking interactions between the boys Shiro and Kuro.
 If you're looking for something more Miyazaki-esque, then I suggest you don't watch this.
 The songs are cute and Disney-esque, and Alice's adventures inspire all of the many imaginative people out in the world.
 Leslie Nielsen plays the President in typical Airplane-esque fashion.
 Bales' transformation from the buff, he-man-esque physique that those expect from seeing him in Batman Begins, Reign of Fire, or American Psycho, to the incredibly gaunt, emaciated Trevor Reznick is on par with the transformations that Robert De Niro went through in Raging Bull, and more recently Charlize Theron in Monster.
The religious girl mows down a group of soldiers like she's watering the garden... pffft... the kickback with her rambo-esque blaze of glory (short burst people.
 The president (a Clinton-esque Bill Bullman) calls upon military services to fight these creatures.
Let's start (and maybe finish) with my first complaint. What's with that sappy, cigar addled Jimney Cricket-esque, nostalgia-obsessed - cliched beyond belief - narration that accompanies black and white shots from the past as boringly as any car commercial?
 no problems here. the movie  begins to fall apart with some of its more Matrix-esque fight scenes.
 I really liked the characters of Cher and Josh and their sibling-esque rivalry that blossomed into love and a lot of the parallels with the book were funny, but this isn't one of my favorite movies or even adaptations.
 I really liked the characters of Cher and Josh and their sibling-esque rivalry that blossomed into love and a lot of the parallels with the book were funny, but this isn't one of my favorite movies or even adaptations.
What makes the movie so effective is the "Psycho"-esque score by Harry Manfredini and of course the memorable gore effects by Tom Savini which shocked the daylights out of people when it first came out yet they are still effective.
 The Burroughs-esque world portrayed here by Cronenberg is dark and stark, providing the perfect ambience for this sinister story.
In fact, Hopper portrays the ruthless Fiddler's Green executive with a certain Rumsfeld-esque and Cheney-esque approach.
Plus in Survival of the Dead there's this whole Hatfield versus McCoy's-esque thing going on, which to me was just a distraction from what I was really here for: Zombies chasing people around in a world gone mad.
Plus in Survival of the Dead there's this whole Hatfield versus McCoy's-esque thing going on, which to me was just a distraction from what I was really here for: Zombies chasing people around in a world gone mad.
Thus, he also included the party-girl Monroe-esque character in this film.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
This 70-minute &quot;semi-feature&quot; film conceived by ex-Python Eric Idle who plays the Paul McCartney-esque character Dirk McQuickly was produced by Lorne Michaels of SNL and includes various cameos from the classic SNL cast (Bill Murray, John Belushi, Dan Ackroyd, Gilda Radner) as well as cameos from Mick Jagger, Ron Wood, Paul Simon, ex-Python Michael Palin and even George Harrison himself as an interviewer!
 With an in-depth knowledge of the Beatles, Idle (who plays the McCartney-esque character, Dirk) satires the history of the Fab Four.
 Panned by most critics, I actually found this film to be extremely witty with a Wes Anderson-esque type of dry martini humor.
As I said, I liked the weird, NIGHT GALLERY-esque beginning a lot.
While the more intense persona isn't seen, he nails that playboy-esque side of 007 as well as the resourceful and knowledgeable side who can shoot his way through anything.
 At the beginning of the movie it feels like  another Star Trek - Battlestar Galactica-esque movie; you are in deep space  searching for a lost ship and then when you find it there are no life  signs.
I give the 2 stars for two reasons: Combs and some pretty cool stuff in the last act. Kind of Tim Burton-esque--a good thing in my book--looks like an actual dream/nightmare, and some pretty creepy creations.
 <p>So, how to describe this strange, convoluted film?  There is a certain Tarantino-esque quality to the story line, which is revealed through bizaar actions and dialogue.
 Bruce Willis is wonderful as the Rambo-esque superguy who outwits, outplays, and outlasts the heavily-armed killers, and reveals just enough of his tender side to endear his character to the audience.
And while Faye undeniably gets the right bandmember in the end, Lamarr the concierge's 'Love Boat'-esque intervention in the process is wholly unnecessary.
Ironically, music from Danny Elfman also succeeds in giving this film that sort of superhero, Burton Batman-esque feel as well, which is a strange coincidence considering they were all made around the same period, but with vastly different reception.
`Class In Crime' would have been a better season-ender episode than the Dirty Harry-esque episode `Deckwatch' (also directed by Paul Michael Glaser) as it stars TV-familiar Peter MacLean, who plays such a superb `bad guy' that you end up liking his character because of his sleek pretentiousness.
However, even if Pee Wee Herman-esque humor isn't your cup of tea, the movie does have a strong message about the strength of family, another message about honesty, another one about how kids can make a difference, and the movie has one of the best Latin American casts of all time.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
 Parents worried about the apparent PORKY'S-esque nature of the  previews would best be admonished to remember one of the central points of  the movie itself: you can't judge a book by its cover.
However, even if Pee Wee Herman-esque humor isn't your cup of tea, the movie does have a strong message about the strength of family, another message about honesty, another one about how kids can make a difference, and the movie has one of the best Latin American casts of all time.
In the film, "reality" is shown via shaky handheld digital Dogma-esque camerawork, but the "fantasy" sequences use a color palette that makes them appear even more real than the "real" scenes.
Expect cooky characters, like the dog impersonator, and Bijomaru. Also expect that over-the-top violence. A very manga-esque movie.
The troup of Fellini-esque characters are non-actors but you'd never know it.
 The movie was a little top heavy with typical Shatner-esque self-indulgence(he directed of course).
 The perfect heroine.<br /><br />The way this movie was done, with the dark, gritty, noir-esque settings of Batman and the 'lightness' of the dark comedy from Nicholson's Joker, gives the movie a vitality that all the others have lacked to a certain extent.
Batman Returns has a very creative and &quot;Burton-esque&quot;  visual style, yet it's so unrelentingly dark it can't compare to the first,  and the best.
Dead End finds the pack of forest dwelling inbred cannibals stalking the cast and crew of a reality TV, Survivor-esque show.
if you are looking for a Dirty Harry-esque cool fest from eastwood, you will be dissappointed.
The girls run into him, he does something serial killer-esque, and he just starts laughing in this creepy but hilarious laugh.
The girls run into him, he does something serial killer-esque, and he just starts laughing in this creepy but hilarious laugh.
 Even the snow scene conjures up "St. Louis"-esque visions.
As a direct result, only in her vocal abilities throughout the film does she truly excel; that rich Garland-esque bravado rocking the speakers with a powerful zest for the material she's been given.
Another is the attempt to have a Crash/Magnolia-esque intersecting storylines as part of the set-up to make things interesting and it made me care about the characters before their inevitable deaths.
this isn't an alien film so don't expect to be rewarded by classic alien-esque suspense.
 Some nice slow-motion, Matrix-esque bullet dodging scenes, and the JCVD kicks are always classic, but there's just too much to truly enjoy.
Rodman's character, a shady special arms dealer, does add some brightness with his 007-esque cadre of tech gadgets.
The premis was there. Very Akira-esque in its potential direction.
Richie is appalled by the idea, thus setting up a series of cruel jokes, misunderstandings, and CURB/SEINFELD-esque mishaps where Evan and Richie end up without girlfriends and their sanity.
Depp's performance was too Michael Jackson-esque for my liking.
For, make no mistake, Tim Burton's adaptation of Roald Dahl's classic novel, is very "Burton-esque.
The real star of this story is not the quasi-humans who populate its color-saturated Dali-esque landscape, but the candy around whom their lives center.
Look also for the "Sgt. Pepper"-esque nut house with the (largely real) team of nut-cracking squirrels, the "2001: Space Odyssey" (with the bombastic Strauss fanfare) WonkaVision studios, and other touches that really make Depp, in particular, such a marvelously spooky-kooky guy.
Therefore if you are not a child, but still enjoy dooby-enhanced mind trip or generally odd, Alice-in-Wonderland-esque stories, then you will find interest in this movie.
 The initial scenes of Charlie's crooked, dilapidated house and the huge city that surrounds it are as Dahl-esque as you can hope for.
 They're almost DALI-esque, in fact.
Leonetti likes smoky nightclubs and motel rooms and the score alternates between jazzy and noir-esque to (unfortunately) synthesized and 80s.
 (You can immediately see the difference the moment Charles Previn's George Gerschwin-esque music kicks in).
(Very Hopper-esque.
This isn't really a film that's bound to get you all energized a la War of the Worlds and it doesn't have a Munich-esque message and it's there simply to have a good time.
 Then again, it should be noted that, in Capra's time (as I have read several reviews here that accurately note a Capra-esque feel), his more idealistic approaches to films like "Mr.
Hanks plays a Russian-esque civilian coming to NY and is stuck in this new area.
Purple Butterfly is Lou Ye's follow-up to his dreamy Suzhou River, a Wong Kar-Wai-esque tragic love affair.
THE NUMBER 23 is Jim Carrey's first venture out of the realm of wacky, Kramer-esque physical comedy and into serious acting.
As expected, some of Carrey's situations are a bit over the top, and Schumacher tries to create a graphic novel-esque presentation during Sparrow's alter-ego episodes.
And there is a District 9-esque buried spacecraft as well.
And there is a District 9-esque buried spacecraft as well.
 There are many black & white photos with blood splatter-esque color marks spread throughout.
 Instead of the majestic and ambitious 2001-esque Star Trek: The Motion Picture, with it's so Roddenberry-esque tale of different life forms communicating, understanding and actually combining, we have big spaceships firing laser weapons at each other and plenty of boring running, jumping and falling down - if TMP had the ambition to take Kubrick as it's model, WOK settled for the considerably inferior Lucas.
 I really liked the characters of Cher and Josh and their sibling-esque rivalry that blossomed into love and a lot of the parallels with the book were funny, but this isn't one of my favorite movies or even adaptations.
 Yeah, great--flying NSK passports: that really captures the loopy Wagnerian/Andrew Lloyd Weber-esque/Giorgio Moroderian feel of the song.
Oddly enough, the Bladerunner-esque buildings throughout the movie also help to establish the feeling of urgency, and the sensation of teetering on the edge of something great, something that we cannot possibly understand.
Oddly enough, the Bladerunner-esque buildings throughout the movie also help to establish the feeling of urgency, and the sensation of teetering on the edge of something great, something that we cannot possibly understand.
Oddly enough, the Bladerunner-esque buildings throughout the movie also help to establish the feeling of urgency, and the sensation of teetering on the edge of something great, something that we cannot possibly understand.
 The apes inhabit a Flintstone-esque city and are divided into three different castes, the Orangutangs, who are the politicans and keepers of the faith, and seemingly the caste in absolute control, the Gorillas, whoa re the workers and the soldiers, and who seem to occupy the lowest position, and the Chimpanzees, who are the scientists and intellectuals.
Tim Curry gives a strong performance as the Satan-esque character.
Couldn't even stand to watch the thing.  The awful Disney-esque music had me ranting like a mad-woman!
God is referred to as a rather pathetic Hitler-esque character that says he loves, but he destroys and will destroy you as well unless you "say you love God".
 Large explosions and violence countered with a sneaky Sneakers-esque style subplot overshadowed the plot.
 Large explosions and violence countered with a sneaky Sneakers-esque style subplot overshadowed the plot.
 This is not the shoddy Ted Turner-esque colorization of the 1980s, and the advance of technology in the interim decades certainly shows in a positive way.
To be exact though, this film is not trying to convey images of pseudo-snuff-esque, rather conveying the addiction to self-mutilation.
 A little TRON-esque but I was digging it!
David Lynch's take on Dune is nothing short of pretty darn good. It definitely gets weird (a.k.a. David Lynch-esque) in places, but overall the feel and tone of the movie are wonderful.
Do I want to see Cera be more like Vin Diesel? Of course not. Would we like to see Black be more Dinero-esque?
Black's weird/stoned facial gestures, Cera's  awkwardness, and Beavis and Butthead-esque jokes comprise the bulk of this movie's humor.
Detective Frank Spivey (Steven Weber) just saved the life of a young woman who has a sexy body but a hideous monster-esque face named Jenifer (Carrie Anne Fleming) and takes her in for temporary shelter.
To be exact though, this film is not trying to convey images of pseudo-snuff-esque, rather conveying the addiction to self-mutilation.
His zombie-esque, interstellar, slug-infested hometown citizens ring familiar with a sort of INVASION OF THE BODY SNATCHERS theme.
I especially loved the ending, it was original.<p>There is a Tenchi-esque feel to this series, so if you like Tenchi, you'll love this.
Don't hesitate on this one - from the disco/SHAFT-esque title song that opens the movie to the karate-chopping rooptop finale, this movie about corrupt landlords in Manhattan doesn't disappoint.
Dan Dark, writer of noir, Raymond Chandler-esque Detective fiction is suffering from a severe skin condition that has made him virtually a prisoner in his own body.
fetus eating, multiple stabbings, zombie-esque neck-biting, clever to the head, a hanging, and a dude who eats his own entrails.
 Curmudgeons may say that it's nothing more than a Scream-esque parody of horror movie chestnuts, but the approach is really quite different.
Without question, Cabin Fever is the best modern horror flick of our time. Unlike the usual predictable teen MTV-esque films, it delivers a lot more scares and surprises at every turn, and DOES NOT just rely on the blood and gore.
Instead I was disappointed to find an Indianna Jones-esque adventure.
From the Cher-fueled score, to the tongue-in-cheek performances, to the Tim Burton-esque dream-like oddity, to the emotionally touching ending, "Post Modern Prometheus" is a jewel among an already glistening array.
if u like the scream-esque type of horror, beautiful cast, elaborate deaths, creepy moments and brutal killings this movie is for u would like to see this.
The original was more of a Hitchcock Psycho-esque thriller that inspired "Halloween" and many slasher movies for years to come, this one is more of a "Friday The 13th"-esque gorefeast of grueling scenes like cannibalism, eyeball mutilation that would make Fulci smile and more.
Depp's performance was too Michael Jackson-esque for my liking.
For, make no mistake, Tim Burton's adaptation of Roald Dahl's classic novel, is very "Burton-esque.
The real star of this story is not the quasi-humans who populate its color-saturated Dali-esque landscape, but the candy around whom their lives center.
Look also for the "Sgt. Pepper"-esque nut house with the (largely real) team of nut-cracking squirrels, the "2001: Space Odyssey" (with the bombastic Strauss fanfare) WonkaVision studios, and other touches that really make Depp, in particular, such a marvelously spooky-kooky guy.
Therefore if you are not a child, but still enjoy dooby-enhanced mind trip or generally odd, Alice-in-Wonderland-esque stories, then you will find interest in this movie.
 The initial scenes of Charlie's crooked, dilapidated house and the huge city that surrounds it are as Dahl-esque as you can hope for.
 They're almost DALI-esque, in fact.
Of course the night of the big show- Lucy's eyes are dialated and the show is "Lucy-esque".
(Very Hopper-esque.
This isn't really a film that's bound to get you all energized a la War of the Worlds and it doesn't have a Munich-esque message and it's there simply to have a good time.
 Then again, it should be noted that, in Capra's time (as I have read several reviews here that accurately note a Capra-esque feel), his more idealistic approaches to films like "Mr.
Hanks plays a Russian-esque civilian coming to NY and is stuck in this new area.
(Very Hopper-esque.
This isn't really a film that's bound to get you all energized a la War of the Worlds and it doesn't have a Munich-esque message and it's there simply to have a good time.
 Then again, it should be noted that, in Capra's time (as I have read several reviews here that accurately note a Capra-esque feel), his more idealistic approaches to films like "Mr.
Hanks plays a Russian-esque civilian coming to NY and is stuck in this new area.
 They were under some tremdous pressure to do the film I understand.  When it comes to crude, John Waters-esque humor, I usually find it more amusing than I do funny.
One thing the film does contain which was seen in the remakes was the Tarentino-esque idea of messing with time and having scenes weave in and out of each other.
 But even for Scorsese, a comedy entails a word processor's date with a nice girl turning into an infinitely Kafka-esque nightmare where one bad episode follows another.
As an adult, I appreciated the subtle nods to the Disney franchise, such as a wide shot of a very Space Mountain-esque building (sitting behind a sign reading "Todayland").
For example, the line given by the Wednesday Addams-esque character early in the film.
 Don't let that keep you away.  The film moves quickly, is exciting and has a decent score(a very Goblin-esque score from Fabio Frizzi).
My only complaint about this obsessively researched film is its Sahara-esque presentation, completely devoid of any levity.
