review/text: It's hard to describe a movie like Simon Sez.  I think it's best to liken it to a train wreck: No matter how morbid, you just can't look away.  I find myself bizarrely attracted to this film.  It's just so....bad.  But th
review/text: It's very hard to describe such a movie, and there's no need of that either, but I can tell you this, if you haven't seen the movie, you must buy this DVD, why? well...the movie is great, Bj&ouml;rk and all the actors perform 
 juevenile prison camp in a desert in Texas. Those who like the book are almost sure to enjoy the movie. However, those who have never read the book will probably enjoy the movie as well. The film is hard to describe because it is such a hybrid of so many different things. It is both a chain-gang film (like COOL HAND LUKE) and a buddy picture, with elements of a Western thrown in. The acting is solid and the soun
teless comic bent, and so frequently employed, that it demands mention. The story feels minor to begin with, but is so disjointed and inane, that it is best described as no story at all. The music is hard to describe, I'll be kind, it's not helpful. The only reason to see this film is for the absolutely gorgeous, almost hypnotic cinematography. That and perhaps a young and radiant Sarah Miles. That should have be
review/text: The first time I saw this movie was on Lifetime TV and I almost changed the channel, but something about the description of the movie caught my eye.  Its hard to describe the movie without giving away the full plot, but I love how its set out.  Its well worth getting, and it will probably be back on TV pretty soon.  Check out lifetimetv.com to see when.
mistreat the animal, and then Gappa's far from long-extinct parents show up to stomp around Japan for awhile in search of their little Gappa bundle of joy.  These monsters are rather unimpressive and hard to describe.  They can't decide if they want to fly, swim, or walk, and they have bird-like beaks and long, whip-enabled tails; I swear one of them has a fake beard, and the other one seems to adorn itself with 
review/text: Positive:<br />It's hard to describe this movie especially if the viewer's understanding of European settlement of the central and southern Americas is limited. A spanish matron settles into and develops a small Americas' fishing villag
review/text: It's extremely hard to describe this movie in words...this movie is just too good.  Finnaly there is a horror movie for those of us who appreciate "real" horror movies.  I was getting really tired of all the so called horror movies
ak of her career in this film, and she just absolutely OWNS her role, even more so than Glen Close did in the Frears version, radiating a mixture of evil and sensuality and whimsical decadence that's hard to describe but easy to be completely fascinated by on the screen. Also, Gerard Phillipe, the 'James Dean of France' who was known as one of the most wooden actors of his generation (for proof of this woodenness
of Moulin Rouge!, it was very stylized and modern. There was great chemistry between the two stars. Most operas seem kind of stuffy, with Domingo superficially holding the soprano like, I don't know, hard to describe, but not inviting, not passionate. These two were very engaging. The fellow bohemians were hilarious and awesome and overall, the entire thing was so enjoyable, that I've watched it many times, putti
review/text: It's kind of hard to describe why I loved this movie; I shouldn't be surprised at all to find that I appreciated a Pixar or Brad Bird movie so much, but considering that it stars one of the more disgusting and vile creatures on t
ewer is accustomed to it, it ends up adding to the surreal and mysterious atmosphere.  I really don't think the movie would have had as strong an effect if it had been in colour.<p>In any case, it is hard to describe how perfect this movie was, how well the plot fit together, that amazing feeling I got while watching it as everything began to fit into place... Just go see it!
itchcock. Hitch himself was disappointed with the film and later noted that "it's just another manhunt story wrapped in pseudo-psychology".<br /><br />The story is so confused and confusing that it's hard to describe. Gregory Peck (1916-2003) plays a doctor suffering from amnesia who impersonates another doctor who turns out to be a man whom Peck thinks he killed, but in fact it's the old doctor (Leo G. Carroll) 
nce by Craig Bierko who is cute but quite believable as a cutthroat murderer.<br /><br />The music on this film is also good. Part of why I liked it so much is the 70's/80's songs that are used. It's hard to describe the songs, but they just fit really well with this movie.<br /><br />The Long Kiss Goodnight is great fun because it's actually FUNNY.  The humor is intelligent. It's not like some action films where
review/text: This film is incredible.  Not because it is good, but because it is so horribly bad.  And its very clear that they didn't mean it to be so bad.  Its hard to describe exactly what is so bad about it.  its actually a very well made movie. (except for the boom in the shot in one of the first scenes)  The acting is actually not very bad, I've seen much worse in TV sh
review/text: It's kind of hard to describe why I loved this movie; I shouldn't be surprised at all to find that I appreciated a Pixar or Brad Bird movie so much, but considering that it stars one of the more disgusting and vile creatures on t
were some great fight scenes, which Matt Damon was quite good in.  The plot was superb with very little/to no holes in it.  It was both intriguing and suspenseful and had and ambiance about it that's hard to describe.  The superb cinematography was partially responsible for this but what I think added to the feel and really brought this movie to life was the musical score!  It did everything a good score does.  I
review/text: incredible set.  I had the priviledge of seeing El Topo and The Holy Mountain on the big screen prior to the dvd release and it really changed how i look at film.  its hard to describe the power these films have but if you let them wash over you they will truly move you.  ive tried showing these to some of my friends and they get confused and grossed out so this is definately not f
ent colors that are not bold and bright, Although most animated films of today feature bright and bold colors, which look fantastic, this looked good, too, because of the richness of the colors. It's hard to describe; you have to see it. It just looks different, but very pleasing to my eyes.<br /><br />Overall, the story was only so-so and sometimes lagged in the first half of it, but I get the feeling this DVD w
mplete randomness, multiple sketches, songs, and sometimes guest appearances. With this show I'd say you either love it or hate it, there isn't really an in-between...<br /><br />Honestly it's pretty hard to describe, and a lot of the sketches are straight up insane, but that is what makes this show so unique.
ham), partners (but not the kind that "hold hands and take windy walks," as Turkish puts it) in running an illegal bare-knuckle boxing ring.<p>What follows is so fast-paced and intertwined that it is hard to describe it. [....] I loved this movie so much that I find it hard to keep it to a minimum when discussing it.  I haven't yet found a review that truly did it justice, and I'm sure I'm not doing much better. 
uct for giving them a chance to discover language. The hypnotic quality of the DVD probably is creepy to a parent of a "typical" child, but when you are wondering if your child will ever speak, it is hard to describe the pure joy of hearing your child walk around the house counting things while he or she mimics the DVD. This DVD is getting some bad reviews and it would be an absolute shame for someone who really 
review/text: That's the only way to describe this hard to describe film.  Pitt is good, but not great.  Forlani is a welcome site.  Anthony Hopkins deserves the kudos.<p>I saw this film not knowing what to expect.  I wasn't  disappointed.  Pitt's sudden demise early
 Ricci compensates for this dismal experience. And it will also appeal to, or not adversely affect, aficionados of torture porn, which  this repulsive piece of junk queasily resembles. Although it is hard to describe without giving away the fairly obvious "twist," "After.life" tells the story of a deranged mortuary director (Neeson) who speaks to the not-yet-dead as they are about to take that great leap into the
 but those that have seen it, say, &quot;Why wasn't this movie more popular?&quot; Maybe it was bad timing, or as some others suggested, just not correctly billed to the public.<p>Last Action Hero is hard to describe. It's funny, it's witty, with lots of those one-liners that Arnold became so popular with, and I loved the way he constantly poked fun at his fictional character as well as his &quot;real&quot; self.
review/text: DUDE! this movie was AWESOME! it was wicked funny but hard to describe. it was full of surprise and it was cool. u have to pay attention and follow along. U HAVE TO SEE THIS MOVIE!!! only one more thing to say.........................................SHIBBYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!
I've read, this remake is even better in the eyes of many.<br /><br />Basically, half the inhabitants of a small town, with a population of 1,260, start killing off family members and neighbors. It's hard to describe what happens next without giving anything away, so I'll just comment on the other aspects. It reminded me a little of 28 Days Later, mainly in the fact that the people are not zombies. They are infec
m starts with a gruesome murder, but quickly chops to clever cutting and pasting of a variety of scenes of black comedy, downright hilarity and impartial violence. I won't spoil the plot, but it's so hard to describe I think that'd be difficult anyway. This film doesn't have a twist in it's plot, rather the entire film is constructed of spins and contradictions that keep you guessing two paces behind the screenpl
story.  A man, who was traumatized as a boy by seeing his mother getting laid by old st. Nick, grows up into believing he is the real, better Santa Clause and can bring good to the world.  Its almost hard to describe exactly what makes this movie so good or what makes this movie so scary.  You really have to see it to believe it.  It takes you on a journey into the mind of a mentally disturbed individual while sh
 place. When the engine roars and cars explode into flames it isn't silly, it's movie magic of the best kind, like when Luke's X-Wing lands that shot into the Death Star in Star Wars.<br /><br />It's hard to describe without actually seeing it for yourself, but the cartoon universe of Speed Racer really is created wonderfully in this film. Everything from the sky to the furniture has an over-exposed super-vivid q
, and it feels incredible. I have watched this movie more than any other movie and it never gets old. I saw it 15+ times in the theater and watched it many more times on DVD. Saying that, it is still hard to describe this movie. Visually STUNNING, from start to finish each scene is a visual masterpiece, a work of art.  The soundtrack and music compliments the visuals perfectly, and the song of the closing scene i
tman is meant to be more hidden.  Dont let those opinions stop you from watching this true work of art.  The film also has some great action scenes and a good chemistry between the actors.  Its quite hard to describe how incredible the film is.  I cant see how the original can ever be said to be better than this.
review/text: I love this movie. I'm sure you already know the basic plot, so I'll spare you a rehash. It is hard to describe how this movie just roped me in; It is a film of many emotions and layers; It was a pleasure to watch the events unfold in this modern fairy tale. Paul Giamatti was one of the main reasons this worke
s enjoyed futuristic Sci-Fi - Do not really remember if it appeared in comic form.<br /><br />Have yet to look at disc 2 -- have thoroughly enjoyed the actors concept of their characters - it is very hard to describe the feelings invocked upon seeing that ugly old Alien Queen - the nasty Company that wanted the Alien alive - no matter who has to die in the meantime.<br /><br />Oh Yeah! those guys were in for the 
 It finally hit me one night at blockbuster what I had been neglecting throughout my teenage years, rented Alien and brought it back to my dorm to the delight of my college buddies.<br /><br />  It's hard to describe the terror and tension Ridley Scott creates in this film.  The facehugger and chestburster scenes are truly the stuff nightmares are made of, the kinds of things that make you wake up yelling and swe
rth&quot; garnered an unprecedented eight nominations for the Golden Raspberry Awards (the &quot;razzies&quot;).  Having sat through it myself, I can tell you, it is not hard to see why.  It's really hard to describe how incredibly abyssmal &quot;Battlefield Earth&quot; is.  It's a derivative, sloppy, shoddy, implausible nightmare of a film, a train wreck, a riot of bad acting from people who know better.  It's t
 on a stunningly bad performance that's pure comedy gold. He looks like the alien from the Predator films, and he seems to have a bad accent that sounds both American and British simultaneously (It's hard to describe, but you gotta hear it). Oh Forest Whitaker, what are you doing here? You also put on a bad performance, but sadly it's not comical like John Travolta's. For the most part, Barry Pepper is the only p
rth&quot; garnered an unprecedented eight nominations for the Golden Raspberry Awards (the &quot;razzies&quot;).  Having sat through it myself, I can tell you, it is not hard to see why.  It's really hard to describe how incredibly abyssmal &quot;Battlefield Earth&quot; is.  It's a derivative, sloppy, shoddy, implausible nightmare of a film, a train wreck, a riot of bad acting from people who know better.  It's t
 on a stunningly bad performance that's pure comedy gold. He looks like the alien from the Predator films, and he seems to have a bad accent that sounds both American and British simultaneously (It's hard to describe, but you gotta hear it). Oh Forest Whitaker, what are you doing here? You also put on a bad performance, but sadly it's not comical like John Travolta's. For the most part, Barry Pepper is the only p
 but those that have seen it, say, &quot;Why wasn't this movie more popular?&quot; Maybe it was bad timing, or as some others suggested, just not correctly billed to the public.<p>Last Action Hero is hard to describe. It's funny, it's witty, with lots of those one-liners that Arnold became so popular with, and I loved the way he constantly poked fun at his fictional character as well as his &quot;real&quot; self.
about who he is and what he does. Suffice to say that in modern times he'd have big hair, a bad suit and the ability to cry/plead for money on cue whenever a TV camera is on him.<br /><br />It's very hard to describe this movie beyond what I've said, at least as far as the plot goes. The cinematography is mind-blowing and the music is... well, effective. There's a weird sound that plays over the soundtrack from t
 If you like seing graphic depictions of arms and legs being broken, then check this out. For all the tai chi style of martial arts I would've expected a hong kong star in the lead role instead.  Its hard to describe the way this production is other than to say it's the type that you'd see direct to video or premium channel. The production is great for what their budget was no doubt.  I still felt like I was shor
so take a look at this. The opening starts out with a pretty good and mysterious song, along with beautifully animated sequences. What I like best is how they end each episode, thought it's extremely hard to describe because you have to see it for yourself to believe me. Near the end, the ending song starts blending in, and then you get these sudden shifts of views which basically makes me want to watch the next 
review/text: It is hard to describe this movie other than to say it is full of very nice but predictable fight scenes. I'd say one of the only reasons to really watch it is for the amazing special effects seen in sub-zero's brother's i
 "The Children of Paradise" is filmed in the theaters --- and, especially "Crime Boulevard" in front of the theaters. The main female character is Garance (Arletty), a former "courtesan" --- actually hard to describe her, except that she is beautiful and very kind.  The main male character is the mime Baptiste, played by Jean-Louis Barrault, who is madly in love with Garance.<br /><br />By the end of this film, B
 than that? The characters are also people you actually care about. Kurt Russell and Spader do an excellent job in the film. Overall, this film is another that to be seen to be believed. It really is hard to describe and has to be seen!
gs in the world must balance.  Bruce Willis and Samuel L. Jackson both gave stellar performances in the primary roles.  I find myself at a loss for words (which happens infrequently) ... this film is hard to describe without giving away too much of the plot.  Willis portrays a man who can't be injured ... Jackson, a man who is very easily hurt physically.  The film has some childhood flashback scenes for both cha
were some great fight scenes, which Matt Damon was quite good in.  The plot was superb with very little/to no holes in it.  It was both intriguing and suspenseful and had and ambiance about it that's hard to describe.  The superb cinematography was partially responsible for this but what I think added to the feel and really brought this movie to life was the musical score!  It did everything a good score does.  I
review/summary: A very complex movie; hard to describe or rate
ewer is accustomed to it, it ends up adding to the surreal and mysterious atmosphere.  I really don't think the movie would have had as strong an effect if it had been in colour.<p>In any case, it is hard to describe how perfect this movie was, how well the plot fit together, that amazing feeling I got while watching it as everything began to fit into place... Just go see it!
review/text: What is life like in a not too distant future? What we think is good today, can be barbaric tomorrow. It's hard to describe what this movie is about without giving the answer. You better see it to believe it.
e, and of course the seduction - wonderful scenes, even if taken in isolation. Bowie and Deneuve, promising "forever," put an additional chill into the first scene of his coffin.<br /><br />I find it hard to describe this movie - the action is subdued but meaningful. The visual styling has subtlety, something I appreciate more after seeing other movies that lack it.<br /><br />I like this one. I have trouble sayi
n 1080p High Definition, we get a 7.1 DTS-HD Master Audio lossless soundtrack which sounds incredible!  Just the fact that the film looks and sounds better is significant.  The colors just pop!  It's hard to describe of how awesome this film looks on Blu-ray compared to previous video releases.  In the past, there was always this dreamy, hazy look to the film.  Though it was colorful, I have always thought that w
n 1080p High Definition, we get a 7.1 DTS-HD Master Audio lossless soundtrack which sounds incredible!  Just the fact that the film looks and sounds better is significant.  The colors just pop!  It's hard to describe of how awesome this film looks on Blu-ray compared to previous video releases.  In the past, there was always this dreamy, hazy look to the film.  Though it was colorful, I have always thought that w
review/text: This French film (with subtitles) of a play of the 19th century is excellent. It's hard to describe other than it's about love, integrity, courage, not being a "yesman"  in opposition to the trickery, murder and bad luck (tragedy) of this fallen world. If one doesn't have courage, the other virtues
review/text: It is really hard to describe this movie, but I will try. According to Joseph Pistone, this movie is about 95% true. This movie is based on the experience of Joseph D. Pistone. In this movie he is played by Jonny Depp. Joseph wor
big explosions or lasers.  This is a character driven story with the only face you really see is Sam Rockwell.  A few faces appear on monitors, and you get the voice of Kevin Spacey(very HAL).  It is hard to describe the movie without giving anything away.  Earth has exhausted its resources, but on the moon they can mine Helium-3 which is a great energy source.  Sam is alone on the moon for the last 3 years overs
so take a look at this. The opening starts out with a pretty good and mysterious song, along with beautifully animated sequences. What I like best is how they end each episode, thought it's extremely hard to describe because you have to see it for yourself to believe me. Near the end, the ending song starts blending in, and then you get these sudden shifts of views which basically makes me want to watch the next 
t something about three crazy guys running over to the wash basins to 'sterilize' their hands, and then going around in a circle, drying their hands on the coat of the person in front of them...yeah, hard to describe.<br />  So it's not the best I've seen them do, but it's great.  I have an idea: I think MGM should release a dvd with all of their funny scenes on it.  That way we could just watch it and laugh, wit
nce by Craig Bierko who is cute but quite believable as a cutthroat murderer.<br /><br />The music on this film is also good. Part of why I liked it so much is the 70's/80's songs that are used. It's hard to describe the songs, but they just fit really well with this movie.<br /><br />The Long Kiss Goodnight is great fun because it's actually FUNNY.  The humor is intelligent. It's not like some action films where
 Hong Kong cinema ('boxer' is the closest word to what the Chinese use to describe a martial arts practitioner). The 'boxer's world' concept doesn't have a Western equivilent concept, and is a little hard to describe. Its basically that if you devote your whole life to martial arts and the pursuit of perfection in it, you have no time for 'real world' type of living. Its almost as if you have two different worlds
review/text: This movie is hard to describe.  Very enjoyable, not boring, not an average love story...just great.  Enjoy it!
lso turns in a strong performance as actress turned new age healer Leanne Rease-Jones, a character who comes to play a crucial and prophetic part in the story.<br /><br />The Innkeepers is devilishly hard to describe.  In a way, much of the story is predictable, yet at the same time it's also rather shocking in the end.  The writing is subtly brilliant.  The significance of some lines early in the movie only hit 
i-fi sleeper &quot;This Island Earth&quot;  We watch them as they watch the movie, ad-libbing the entire script.  The original dialogues are left in, so the result is a text within a text.  A concept hard to describe, and even harder not to enjoy.
flat.<br /><br />A slow moving period piece that is sometimes dramatic, sometimes delightful, sometimes intense, sometimes deliberate, sometimes too sensual, and sometimes...well...almost off?!  It's hard to describe, that although I really enjoyed this film and will buy the DVD when it's out, there was some missing element from this film.  It was gorgeous.  It was well-acted, and fairly well-written.  It was wel
ual flair.  From the disturbing mind of Carl which encompasses a rather surprising setpiece involving a horse, to the serene desert of a little boys mind, the sheer staggering beauty of the images is hard to describe.  But on top of this, Tarsem shows an exceptional talent for storytelling also.  He cuts between the search for the missing girl, and &quot;J.Lo&quot; searching the mind of Carl with absolute precisi
ual flair.  From the disturbing mind of Carl which encompasses a rather surprising setpiece involving a horse, to the serene desert of a little boys mind, the sheer staggering beauty of the images is hard to describe.  But on top of this, Tarsem shows an exceptional talent for storytelling also.  He cuts between the search for the missing girl, and &quot;J.Lo&quot; searching the mind of Carl with absolute precisi
review/text: That's the only way to describe this hard to describe film.  Pitt is good, but not great.  Forlani is a welcome site.  Anthony Hopkins deserves the kudos.<p>I saw this film not knowing what to expect.  I wasn't  disappointed.  Pitt's sudden demise early
 to describes this movie is Amazing (with a capital "A" get it). Superman II is just an overall amazing movie and still hasn't aged after all of these years. The script is so well written, that it is hard to describe in words. It is just a fan boys dream come true and a movie that fans can watch over and over and never get tired of seeing it.<br /><br />There is just so much emotion that is put into this film, es
udent clad in a skeleton costume sneaks up behind them and puts his arms under their shoulders, using his hands as their hands while the completely out-of-it L&H try to smoke with "their" hands. It's hard to describe this comedy bit but the timing is so absolutely perfect and execution of this piece of nuttiness so seamless that you have to laugh loudly. This scene is worth the price of this video. Any comedy buf
red world inside her computer. What she finds ranges from strange cults to a man who claims to be god. As it progresses, lain begins to question her existence, her identity, and her social life. It's hard to describe this series because of the complex plot and strange dialouge. It has an atmosphere of creepiness and sometimes turns out to be philisophical. The animation is great and the plot, although confusing a
review/text: They just don't make movies like this anymore.  Maybe because of a lack of great actors like Paul Newman, or maybe because it might not appeal to the main-stream audience.  This movie is hard to describe because so little happens in it, and yet, things are constantly going on.  It seemed a little sluggish to me, but, it kept me entertained at the same time.  Maybe it was made like that to demonstrate
A Game'. Sleuth sounds like some standard detectives fair and this is not standard. The movie is a game and it is about games and Anthony Shaffer is playing a game with the audiance.<br /><br />It is hard to describe the film without giving away a twist or turn but the begining is fairly safe. Milo Tindel (Michael Caine) is invited to the country manner of Alaxander Wake (Laurance Olivier). Wake is a rather bizar
review/text: It's is hard to describe this film in words!!! Everything about this film is amazing, stylish, and plainly eye candy with each action scene eclipsing the last. This film is based on the comic book series called "Sin City", a
review/text: This movie was somewhat disturbing in it's realism.  Curse words were few, so it wasn't that.  It will make you think and challenge your beliefs.  It is challenging and hard to describe.  It is a true story and so is valuable for learning.  The man it is about is a very controversial figure.  Some people nearly worship him, and others can hardly stand him and try to discredit everyt
 emotion with the Bride, Bill, and B.B., any film lover will relish the opportunity to watch and rewatch this as a classic.  The final act at Bill's place feels so classic and surreal, it's just very hard to describe.  The wide variety of emotions, from anger and longing to love and regret, combined with fantastic Tarantino dialogue and some quick bursts of action, all come together to create an immortal moment i
not everyone will like this movie, but the ones with artistic heart will taste the flavor of a fantastic production.  It's bizarre, it's different, it's so many things at the same time, that it is so hard to describe.  You will have to pay atention to understand the meaning and that's just one of the good sides.  This isn't a hollywood mega hit movie, but it have so much potential thanks to it's poetic feeling, t
nto, folk, country, gospel...I said wide variety...I find I am becoming a more than weary of what could be called the "Broadway muscial motif".<br />They have a way of sounding so very similar. It is hard to describe. I'll try this: that the melodies and tempi seem only barely able to emerge from recitative.<br /><br />Here is a sample of a tune from this show:  C-D; C-D; C-A...and then we "vary" that monotony by
so much so that it will spark a new trend in Hollywood. It's not that the feature isn't entertaining, it is. The problem is that it is nothing more then that. The feeling this film leaves you with is hard to describe, so here's the best way one can put it: If you are at a buddy's house for a night with your best friends and the School of Rock is the film of choice, you won't exactly try to weasel everyone out of 
poke of how the Aztecs were not the first group to have significant presence in what is now Mexico City.<br /><br />In all fairness, the narrator admitted that Native American tribes were diverse and hard to describe as a unitary group.  Still, when they spoke of tipis and buffalo, and showed men in feathered headdresses, I thought the work focused on the Lakota more than other groups.  First Nations people of Ca
review/text: If you, like me, have always admired photos of Ms. Brooks but never took the time to watch one of her films you're in for QUITE an experience.<br /><br />She has a screen presence that's hard to describe. Aside from her obvious beauty she transmits something in her eyes that jumps across three quarters of a century and confronts you as a woman of contemporary society. Very little of the usual silent 
e background, behind the swishing of the leaves and the twittering of this little bird comes a piano and French horn duet that absolutely fascinated me with it's solemn, haunting mellowness.  <p>It's hard to describe how powerfully the soundtrack melds into the visuals in this version of the classic children's book.  Usually, the soundtrack provides an underpinning for the visuals and tries not to get in the way 
review/text: I think most people believe this movie is good amusing fun.  I actually do believe there is a little more to it.  Its the hard to describe something that seperates the ok movies from the good films. The not so subtle commentary on domestic and suburban life is wittier and more profound than i'd expected.  I came away thinking i'd gotten
For one the way the puppets and toys looked were kind of disappointing. I may sound picky for saying this but each of the puppets and toys used in this film were newly built and looked different. Its hard to describe the looks but its really noticeable, especially with the demonic toys. They just seemed to look less scary and evil (especially the toy bear, he looked more cute than threatening). The other thing th
ak of her career in this film, and she just absolutely OWNS her role, even more so than Glen Close did in the Frears version, radiating a mixture of evil and sensuality and whimsical decadence that's hard to describe but easy to be completely fascinated by on the screen. Also, Gerard Phillipe, the 'James Dean of France' who was known as one of the most wooden actors of his generation (for proof of this woodenness
, starring Jake Gyllenhaal, Jamie Foxx, and Peter Sarsgaard, concerns a Marine Corps unit preparing to be deployed during the first Persian Gulf war in 1991. This movie fails on so many points, it is hard to describe where to begin. The script and story are inconsistent, murky, and unoriginal, with most of Jarhead's theme taken from earlier psychotic military epics such as Apocalypse Now and Full Metal Jacket. Th
 but those that have seen it, say, &quot;Why wasn't this movie more popular?&quot; Maybe it was bad timing, or as some others suggested, just not correctly billed to the public.<p>Last Action Hero is hard to describe. It's funny, it's witty, with lots of those one-liners that Arnold became so popular with, and I loved the way he constantly poked fun at his fictional character as well as his &quot;real&quot; self.
 If you like seing graphic depictions of arms and legs being broken, then check this out. For all the tai chi style of martial arts I would've expected a hong kong star in the lead role instead.  Its hard to describe the way this production is other than to say it's the type that you'd see direct to video or premium channel. The production is great for what their budget was no doubt.  I still felt like I was shor
review/text: This movie is really hard to describe. First of all, Michael Caine did a  fine job but his performance didn't strike me as oscar caliber. Secondly,  the movie seemed a bit to preachy about the pros and cons of abortion.  Third, the sex s
how the climbing scenes could make up for that--but boy they did! As you watch the two climbers battle the brutal conditions you'll be shocked by the primitive equipment they were using in 1936. It's hard to describe just how great and suspensful this movie is--it leaves you speechless at the ending. As one of the workers on the Eiger says to some tourists waiting for the climbers to start their ascent, "Eiger is
f the original Star Trek TV series and Kingdom of the Spiders.<br /><br /> Shoot or be Shot takes on a trip through so many levels and with so many characters intertwined in a similar fate, that it's hard to describe in human words what was actually accomplished on screen. Shatner plays an insane mental patient who escapes the hospital, steals a car, and robs a convienence store. He has a script for a movie that 
review/text: This was so far ahead of its time that it is hard to describe.  Ic an see a bunch of stuff from STarwars in this.  The way the Robo-cops act is like the robots in Starwars... etc.<br /><br />Buy it!
kes movies once a decade or so. His style of narrative storytelling can be initially jarring, but that's only because his work is so unique when compared to more mainstream Hollywood directors. It is hard to describe what The New World is like. It is essentially the inspiring story of Pocahontas' transformation from old world Native American to new world English lady, but it is so much more than that. Malick does
the episodes were going to be released on DVD.<br />I bought the set and I've already watched all the episodes again. I love this show so much, I'll start watching from the beginning again.<br />It's hard to describe how good this show is until you watch it.<br />Take a look for yourself and see.
ely, mmmmmmm...), the effects were worthy of an  Academy Award.  Great direction by Proyas (same guy who brought us The  Crow) and a terrific script (which, by the way won a Bram Stoker Award).  It's hard to describe this movie, a little bit of noir, a little bit of  Blade Runner, and a striking resemblance to the Borg of Star Trek: The Next  Generation.  But it's not a Star Trek movie by a longshot.  Eyecatching
 who wants to be lovable, but whose seriously twisted family background makes that impossible.<p>Angela Lansbury steals this movie, however, as the ultimate &quot;mother-from-hell&quot;<p>The plot is hard to describe in brief, but it involves Harvey, a Communist conspiracy and Harvey's red-baiting inebriate of a stepfather, played by James Gregory with a not-subtle resemblance to Joe McCarthy.<p>This film works b
is brilliant in his triple role as the U.S. President, Dr. Strangelove, and Mandrake. George C. Scott also tops the cake in his over-the-top caricature of the Pattonesque General Buck Turgidson. It's hard to describe all of the nuances of this film on such a short review: you have to see it for yourself. Although the film will certainly have more of an impact on those who are old enough to remember the Cold War a
r. This is not toilet humor. This is dark political humor that's incredibly ironic and satirical. There are so many classic scenes ("Be careful, Mr. President. I think he's drunk."), that it's simply hard to describe all of them in just one review. Straight to the point, this is one of Stanley Kubrick's greatest films, and one of the greatest comedies of all time. It has a great ensemble of actors (Sellers, Scott
teless comic bent, and so frequently employed, that it demands mention. The story feels minor to begin with, but is so disjointed and inane, that it is best described as no story at all. The music is hard to describe, I'll be kind, it's not helpful. The only reason to see this film is for the absolutely gorgeous, almost hypnotic cinematography. That and perhaps a young and radiant Sarah Miles. That should have be
he score was used later as a full song on the soundtrack titled "Angel". With NINish drums and a hollow flute like melody this song encapsulates the feel of this movie better than anything else. It's hard to describe exactly how it does, but listen and you might get it. The final scene of the movie is an overhead shot of Mathilda that rises up to the New York skyline. This is accompanied by the song "Shape of My 
review/text: This was such a piece of [film] it's hard to describe.  I bought it based on the cover, thought I was getting a 'kung fu' flick, you know lots of choreographed fights, etc.  It was just a [bad] bunch of meaningless stuff strung together and called a mov
om from 1918 to 1939 before that light was extinguished by the invading Germans and then by the Soviets from 1945 until 1989. This movie is one of the best foreign films I have ever watched, but it's hard to describe the feelings you have when you watch the scene of the massacres.
review/text: The sublime goofiness of this movie is hard to describe; you really must see it for yourself.  But some of its virtues are:  it manages to be a classic farce, without ever seeming stylized; it showcases and celebrates the glorious music of the Romany peop
d it seems even Dexter's sister Deb may be turning on him.  The ever-present Detective Doakes looms large and there's a twist: Dexter is in Narcotics Anonymous but he isn't an addict. Or is he?  It's hard to describe much of the season without giving away plot lines and spoiling the stunning season finale.  As before, has Dexter escaped his past cleanly?  Has he left a clue behind that will expose him? Has he con
I've read, this remake is even better in the eyes of many.<br /><br />Basically, half the inhabitants of a small town, with a population of 1,260, start killing off family members and neighbors. It's hard to describe what happens next without giving anything away, so I'll just comment on the other aspects. It reminded me a little of 28 Days Later, mainly in the fact that the people are not zombies. They are infec
, and it feels incredible. I have watched this movie more than any other movie and it never gets old. I saw it 15+ times in the theater and watched it many more times on DVD. Saying that, it is still hard to describe this movie. Visually STUNNING, from start to finish each scene is a visual masterpiece, a work of art.  The soundtrack and music compliments the visuals perfectly, and the song of the closing scene i
reat. It loses little of its charm. (Of course the Vlogs looked more realistic when watched online)<br />But that's what it is, on DVD... The extras are fun but meagre... The Commentary Musical is... hard to describe. It sounds a bit forced at parts and the singing makes it not so easy to understand all the commentaries, but still a very fresh and nice idea.<br />However there is one big Minus for this release (h
n 1080p High Definition, we get a 7.1 DTS-HD Master Audio lossless soundtrack which sounds incredible!  Just the fact that the film looks and sounds better is significant.  The colors just pop!  It's hard to describe of how awesome this film looks on Blu-ray compared to previous video releases.  In the past, there was always this dreamy, hazy look to the film.  Though it was colorful, I have always thought that w
box set on this one. The packaging is very attractive and professional, probably the best-looking box set I have on my shelf. A great job by Funimation.<br /><br />This is one of those series that is hard to describe to someone else. I've tried, and I usually get a weird look: "A wandering medicine man cures people of ails that are caused by supernatural "bug-like" organisms called "mushi"... that means "bug" in 
t movies you have ever seen. If you work in an office enviroment, or work in the IT sector this movie is the best. You'll particularly like the gangland beating of the office printer. <p>The story is hard to describe, but if I had to I would say that it's the story of a man on his quest to do nothing... absolutely nothing. <p>I recommend this movie if you are between 14 and 50. A little younger could watch it but
is only the first in a series of unexpected twists and discoveries leading to a graphically violent climax. Movie villian Stephen Dorff gives a brutal turn as the boss who hires the duo. This film is hard to describe because it's not just a crime story.  The storytelling is fresh and engaging. There is as much sensuality as their is violence in the film. If you are a fan of offbeat artsy crime adventures like The
e as Maxxx Robinson, the adult film director who threatens to ruin Young's life.  Matt Stone steals every scene he is in, but his role should be seen and not discussed (especially since it is sort of hard to describe).  Let us not forget Sancho; what can you say about Sancho except that, well, he is Sancho.  There are also, I should mention, some actual adult film stars in this film - including Ron Jeremy, who is
ready a fantastic piece of cinema.<br /><br />The opening of the film was a bit unexpected. "The Immigrant Song" cover by Trent Reznor and Karen O plays over these really fluid visuals that are a bit hard to describe. Imagine the T-1000 from Terminator 2 made of motor oil or tar instead of metal and you have a pretty good idea of what to expect. It was just very different from other film credits from the rest of 
 on that in a minute.  The opening pushes you back in your seat with Led Zeppelin's "The Immigrant Song" covered by Karen O and Trent Reznor.  It plays over a series of fluid steel grey images.  It's hard to describe, but it gets your attention.  The plot differs little from the previous movie and presumably the novel (which I haven't read).  The editor of a Swedish magazine is found guilty of liable based on que
ready a fantastic piece of cinema.<br /><br />The opening of the film was a bit unexpected. "The Immigrant Song" cover by Trent Reznor and Karen O plays over these really fluid visuals that are a bit hard to describe. Imagine the T-1000 from Terminator 2 made of motor oil or tar instead of metal and you have a pretty good idea of what to expect. It was just very different from other film credits from the rest of 
 on that in a minute.  The opening pushes you back in your seat with Led Zeppelin's "The Immigrant Song" covered by Karen O and Trent Reznor.  It plays over a series of fluid steel grey images.  It's hard to describe, but it gets your attention.  The plot differs little from the previous movie and presumably the novel (which I haven't read).  The editor of a Swedish magazine is found guilty of liable based on que
review/text: It's sort of hard to describe this movie.  Put it this way.  I didn't know what in the world I was looking at when I caught Clerks mid-way through in the fall of 1996.  I was in Navy specialty school in Meridian, MS when somebody
ce to this story, which was flat until the halfway mark.<br /><br />This is kind of strange story and nothing was stranger than this jukebox that was rigged as a camera, with somebody behind it. It's hard to describe but it very cool, and something - technology-wise, that seemed to be way ahead of its time.<br /><br />In a nutshell, Charlie is called to Washington to help a Fed with a baffling case. Charlie owed 
review/text: 'August Rush' is, as best, hard to describe. It's not a musical, but it's a movie about music, where music forms the emotional backbone of the story. It's not a fantasy, but the story it tells has elements that can only be described as fantast
review/text: 'August Rush' is, as best, hard to describe. It's not a musical, but it's a movie about music, where music forms the emotional backbone of the story. It's not a fantasy, but the story it tells has elements that can only be described as fantast
review/text: Wow, just saw this yesterday.  Kind of hard to describe but let me try... a fun, light-hearted romp through the woods.  You'll laugh, you'll cry... if you like talking animals and lots of acorns you'll love this film.  Think Disney with an edge.
entured out on a cold and snowy Friday afternoon to see a cinema society screening seemed to enjoy it as well. The surroundings and the receptive audience only made the movie that much better.<p>It's hard to describe the movie to friends...a movie about a dwarf who likes trains and inherits an abandoned depot. I simply tell them that it is about so much more than trains. But there are those "been there, done that
review/text: It is hard to describe MST3K, witty, funny, downright odd, and who was that fat chick anyways, other than the series bad person super stalking weirdo. The premise was insane, the characters campy, the acting horrific, the 
review/text: This is one of my favorite movies by Mr. Campbell. It is very similar to quite a few SiFi/Horror flicks of the early and mid sixties. It is hard to describe the fun parts of this movie without going into details and giving some of the good bits away. It is funny only in that special way Mr. Campbell has of making something dark laughable. If you are a fa
 than that? The characters are also people you actually care about. Kurt Russell and Spader do an excellent job in the film. Overall, this film is another that to be seen to be believed. It really is hard to describe and has to be seen!
review/text: This film is so hard to describe to people.  It's such a beautiful work.  Every piece of film, every part of the soundtrack creates a uniform atmosphere which shifts from humor, awkwardness, sadness, and reflection.  There are so ma
ee what a hard nosed manager Miles Copeland is and maybe why there was a rift between his brother Stewart ( drummer for The Police)and Sting. Egos were definitely at play here.<br /><br />This DVD is hard to describe as it has so much too it. I can only tell you I will now finally part with the VHS tape now that it is out on DVD. By it, and see why music is the universal language and how much fun it is to be in a
mistreat the animal, and then Gappa's far from long-extinct parents show up to stomp around Japan for awhile in search of their little Gappa bundle of joy.  These monsters are rather unimpressive and hard to describe.  They can't decide if they want to fly, swim, or walk, and they have bird-like beaks and long, whip-enabled tails; I swear one of them has a fake beard, and the other one seems to adorn itself with 
s a total breath of fresh air. Those who like character driven story should definitely check this out. It has suspense, romance, crime, a bit of scariness, drama and sentiment. All in all it is a bit hard to describe, but a totally unique and well done gem.
since it came out too close to the Columbine shootings. (Honestly which was ridiculous.)<p>Moving on, my review of the movie of course is as biased as the rest. I loved it from beginning to end. It's hard to describe (in a worthwhile way) unless you see it yourself. The plot was told to me by a cousin and I really didn't want to watch it, but not even half the way through the movie I was in love with it, and boug
ready a fantastic piece of cinema.<br /><br />The opening of the film was a bit unexpected. "The Immigrant Song" cover by Trent Reznor and Karen O plays over these really fluid visuals that are a bit hard to describe. Imagine the T-1000 from Terminator 2 made of motor oil or tar instead of metal and you have a pretty good idea of what to expect. It was just very different from other film credits from the rest of 
 on that in a minute.  The opening pushes you back in your seat with Led Zeppelin's "The Immigrant Song" covered by Karen O and Trent Reznor.  It plays over a series of fluid steel grey images.  It's hard to describe, but it gets your attention.  The plot differs little from the previous movie and presumably the novel (which I haven't read).  The editor of a Swedish magazine is found guilty of liable based on que
os are confronted. And sometimes this subtlety can be even more powerful.<br /><br />In Bad Education Almod&oacute;var tackles paedophile priests and the tragic effects on one boy in particular. It's hard to describe the non-linear plot which has you trying to work out exactly what's real, what's fiction, and who's who, without giving too much away. Half the fun of the film is piecing the parts together. But it's
 really quick editing and brutal gore. But personally that's not scary, it's just gross. Saw 2 doesn't change this, even though it's admittedly good concept is intact.<br /><br />The Jigsaw Killer is hard to describe as a murderer since he doesn't actually do it, his victims do. Being someone who "saves people's lives", he devises ways where people have to do something painful in order to escape. Most of them don
review/text: ...to a pinnacle of achievement.  It's hard to describe Buffy the Vampire Slayer's transition from the first season, which establishes a solid framework for a really good TV show, to the second, which knocks the framework down and transcends to TV greatne
/>The cinematography is some of the most interesting ever.  Studying it could be the sole focus of an entire graduate film program, and they still not might be able to cover it in its entirety.  It's hard to describe the power of scenes like after Hoffman reveals to his girlfriend that her mother was the woman he was with.  As he walks away defeated, the camera pans out and the look in Mrs. Robinson's eyes says s
est she has done in quite some time (a great comeback after the horrible "Stepford Wives" remake) and Sean Penn takes a more laid back approach to his character here and it works to his benefit. It's hard to describe this movie without giving anything away (it has a pretty standard political assassination plot), but if you are the mood for a political thriller which focuses on the character drama just as much as 
ish dubbed anime such as in Hell Girl, Code Geass, and DN Angel (especially DN Angel), it just doesn't seem to do a good enough job in providing emotional appeal than the Japanese version.  I find it hard to describe in words, but there just something about the subbed version that makes me more empathetic to the characters.  Nagisa, the heroine of this anime, has a japanese voice that is cute and calm.  Although 
review/text: Words are hard to describe this masterpiece.  I remember seeing it in the theater (yes, it was actually released!) in sub-zero temperatures here in Michigan.  There were 4 of us in the theater, but we laughed the whole way  th
review/text: I really enjoyed this movie. I have not seen many Steve McQueen movies to date, but I hope to see more now. Frank Keller won an Oscar for editing for "Bullitt" and I can see why. It's hard to describe what makes great editing, but you know it when you see it. Sometimes a shot will go on a bit longer than you expect it to, and, after viewing the shot, you realize how effective it was. There are sev
since it came out too close to the Columbine shootings. (Honestly which was ridiculous.)<p>Moving on, my review of the movie of course is as biased as the rest. I loved it from beginning to end. It's hard to describe (in a worthwhile way) unless you see it yourself. The plot was told to me by a cousin and I really didn't want to watch it, but not even half the way through the movie I was in love with it, and boug
n the DVD package, they list their influences as "Portuguese fado, 50's Jazz, gypsy music, 60's surf, and spaghetti western epics, among others".<br />I know one thing, it sure is great music!!! It's hard to describe, but I would call it somewhat "Jam" oriented.<br /><br />They are named "Calexico" after a border town on the California/Mexico Line. According to informantion in the DVD package, they have been refe
those who have not read the novel will probably not understand its significance.  Then the movie ends.<br /><br />Yet another highlight of this movie is its music.  In a word, it's--beautiful.  It is hard to describe but I might call it "quiet new age."  This music seems to heighten the emotion experienced in each scene.<br /><br />Finally, you don't have to read the novel to understand this movie.  However, if y
ll, but the 70's version does an admirable job of putting a great story in a modern light.<p>Kong was a little too human for me compared to the original, but the 2nd version just has an appeal that's hard to describe.  The DVD cover immediately reminded me of all the fast food posters back in the 70's as this movie was very popular when it was released.  It remained popular in theaters and drive-ins for several y
review/text: Today, it is probably hard to describe how brilliant "Phantasm" seemed in its year of release:  quite simply, there was nothing else like it in the American cinema.  "Phantasm" is literally a dream put on film; the fact that Don Coscarell
of Moulin Rouge!, it was very stylized and modern. There was great chemistry between the two stars. Most operas seem kind of stuffy, with Domingo superficially holding the soprano like, I don't know, hard to describe, but not inviting, not passionate. These two were very engaging. The fellow bohemians were hilarious and awesome and overall, the entire thing was so enjoyable, that I've watched it many times, putti
review/text: This was such a piece of [film] it's hard to describe.  I bought it based on the cover, thought I was getting a 'kung fu' flick, you know lots of choreographed fights, etc.  It was just a [bad] bunch of meaningless stuff strung together and called a mov
review/text: It's hard to describe the feelings this picture inspires. James Fenimore Cooper's book was one classic I read a couple of times when I was a teenager. The archaic English and the possible improbability of the story never 
 guy had asked about her, she doesn't know what to do - and so she winds up acting like "a total geek" every time he's around.<br /><br />There are so many other little story lines going on that it's hard to describe it all here.  Suffice it to say that there are many hysterical moments - where you laugh till your cheeks hurt - and many others where your heart goes out to this "poor teen".  It brings back SOoooo 
 her other siblings, Peter, Susan and Edmund and actually get caught up in a war: Narnians versus those loyal to the evil White Witch. And helping them out is the almighty lion Aslan.<br /><br />It's hard to describe Narnia(or Lord of the Rings or Harry Potter for that matter) without saying stuff like almighty, magical and whatnot but the nice thing about the film is that it doesn't over explain too much. One pr
review/text: I'm an avid fan of fantasy, and while it's been a number of years, I remember having the book read to me in elementary school.  The film brings to life a certain enchantment that's hard to describe in words.  The music and the assortment of Narnia's characters are the definite working charms here.  That being said, I have one major complaint: this would have been much better had it been produce
review/text: Yes! Finally! I. CANNOT. WAIT. This movie makes those Scary Movies look like doodie. This is so bizarre and out there, it's hard to describe. Sign me up! I doubt the present generation will understand the humor. It's more of an homage to the horror films of the late 70s and early 80s, and is no way slick -- nor does it pay any homage -- t
review/text: It's is hard to describe this film in words!!! Everything about this film is amazing, stylish, and plainly eye candy with each action scene eclipsing the last. This film is based on the comic book series called "Sin City", a
review/text: There was a time when video games were so graphically simple it's hard to describe why they appealed to us.  But they did; we'd never had anything like them.  I know I spent hours putting quarters into astroids and centipede.  The basis of this movie starts here, with Alex, a kid f
review/text: It's very hard to describe such a movie, and there's no need of that either, but I can tell you this, if you haven't seen the movie, you must buy this DVD, why? well...the movie is great, Bj&ouml;rk and all the actors perform 
review/text: It's hard to describe a movie like Simon Sez.  I think it's best to liken it to a train wreck: No matter how morbid, you just can't look away.  I find myself bizarrely attracted to this film.  It's just so....bad.  But th
r Miyazaki films, it tells its own story by its own rules and requires that you allow yourself "into" an almost alternate universe that coexists with a realistic world. Sorry to be so pithy, but it's hard to describe these films adequately. They need to be experienced.<br /><br />Big name stars perform the dubbed English version and most of them agreed because of their love for the director's previous work.<br />
nte and Tom  Tykwer, it is absolutely riveting.<p>For all these reasons and more, see  this movie.  I love this movie so much, and I've probably seen it well over  10 times, but at the same time it's hard to describe WHY I love it.  I've  tried to do that here, but I really can't.  You are just going to have to  see it to believe it.
review/text: Neo Ranga is hard to describe.  Played out in 15 minute episodes, it has the feel of a slice-of-life show that just happens to include a giant god (Neo Ranga) from a tiny island kingdom.  The three sisters who, often reluctantly,
film's dialogue is based on scientific notions. If you want to be cruel (or funny) you could say the film is one big Hungarian science project.<br /><br /> When dealing with a film such as this it is hard to describe it. Nothing really matters in the film. It is not important we remember any character's names or their relation to each other. Films such as this are only about their ideas. What is the message of th
ir game.  The score will take you away to a different time.  The story will make you reminiscent and nostalgic of your own youth and your friendships.  This is a movie everyone should see.  Words are hard to describe its sweet pain of loss and life...MTS
nly dog I have had that dug her way back into my yard after inadvertantly getting locked out by an unsuspecting family member, so when you see this movie, you will see a story of an an animal that is hard to describe as just a dog. Her mannerisms are far separated from any other breed of dog I have have the good fortune to witness.<br /><br /> A story of an animal that devotes itself in a way that is uncommon, an
review/text: THis movie is nuts. There is so much going on here it's hard to describe. A great story coupled witha fantastic cast makes this one of my favorite movies. It's basically a 70's slapstick movie, and if you like those you will love this. Movies such as &quot;the great Race,
 but asking him to deliver ripe, soul-searching, theatrical monologues about integrity just doesn't work.  And then there's Rod Steiger as the nasty, amoral studio chief, who is so over the top, it's hard to describe.  Talk about scenery-chewing -- Steiger looks like he might literally rip up parts of the set and wolf them down at any moment.  It's such a ludicrous performance as to be almost weirdly watchable, b
review/text: Loved this movie and completely recommend it.  It's a little hard to describe...it's pretty wild, and can't really think of any other movie to compare it to, but it's absolutely worth watching.  I didn't know what to expect before watching it, but I'm a big fan of both Val Kil
review/text: I really enjoyed this movie. I have not seen many Steve McQueen movies to date, but I hope to see more now. Frank Keller won an Oscar for editing for "Bullitt" and I can see why. It's hard to describe what makes great editing, but you know it when you see it. Sometimes a shot will go on a bit longer than you expect it to, and, after viewing the shot, you realize how effective it was. There are sev
, interesting and endearing than the initial impression gives.<br />Even the side characters like Tony the bodyguard come off as being very plausible, likable and multi-faceted.<br /><br />Fantastic, hard to describe experience.
 the DVD. Either that or my memory is too creative. I remember it as "hilarious". This time it gave me that interior smile.<br /><br />No quality issues with disc.<br /><br />Choose Me is an amazing, hard to describe film. It starts off surreal, then scary, then surprises you with a series of revelations and blends humor into the mix as the viewer is privy to the big picture but the characters are only reacting t
he opinion that if the plot had not been as unusual as it was (wolves appearing as humans, searching for paradise) that viewers wouldn't have gotten quite the same feeling from the show, it's sort of hard to describe. I went into this thinking I would be watching an unusual action flick that simply wanted to grab audiences by saying: "look we have wolves in our story!" thinking I would be forced to give up from t
ham), partners (but not the kind that "hold hands and take windy walks," as Turkish puts it) in running an illegal bare-knuckle boxing ring.<p>What follows is so fast-paced and intertwined that it is hard to describe it. [....] I loved this movie so much that I find it hard to keep it to a minimum when discussing it.  I haven't yet found a review that truly did it justice, and I'm sure I'm not doing much better. 
t an American guerrilla group led by one Lt Aldo Raine (Brad Pitt), who offers one of the most hilarious moments in the film when he speaks Italian with a very thick Tennessee accent.<br /><br />It's hard to describe the plot without giving away huge parts of the movie. Suffice to say the Basterds are sent across enemy lines to wreak havoc against the Nazis (which they do rather graphically). Meantime the Jew Hun
review/text: The sublime goofiness of this movie is hard to describe; you really must see it for yourself.  But some of its virtues are:  it manages to be a classic farce, without ever seeming stylized; it showcases and celebrates the glorious music of the Romany peop
 Hong Kong cinema ('boxer' is the closest word to what the Chinese use to describe a martial arts practitioner). The 'boxer's world' concept doesn't have a Western equivilent concept, and is a little hard to describe. Its basically that if you devote your whole life to martial arts and the pursuit of perfection in it, you have no time for 'real world' type of living. Its almost as if you have two different worlds
review/text: This movie is hard to describe.  Very enjoyable, not boring, not an average love story...just great.  Enjoy it!
 her other siblings, Peter, Susan and Edmund and actually get caught up in a war: Narnians versus those loyal to the evil White Witch. And helping them out is the almighty lion Aslan.<br /><br />It's hard to describe Narnia(or Lord of the Rings or Harry Potter for that matter) without saying stuff like almighty, magical and whatnot but the nice thing about the film is that it doesn't over explain too much. One pr
review/text: I'm an avid fan of fantasy, and while it's been a number of years, I remember having the book read to me in elementary school.  The film brings to life a certain enchantment that's hard to describe in words.  The music and the assortment of Narnia's characters are the definite working charms here.  That being said, I have one major complaint: this would have been much better had it been produce
e Juliet Stevenson gives us some very individual characters that only add to the enjoyable goings-on.<br />Fine direction from veteran Istvan Szabo helps to maintain a steady period sensibility. It's hard to describe to cleverness without giving away essential plot points, but I enjoyed it very much, and am still in awe of Ms. Bening's achievement.<br />She keeps losing Oscars to Hilary Swank, but given more grea
 her other siblings, Peter, Susan and Edmund and actually get caught up in a war: Narnians versus those loyal to the evil White Witch. And helping them out is the almighty lion Aslan.<br /><br />It's hard to describe Narnia(or Lord of the Rings or Harry Potter for that matter) without saying stuff like almighty, magical and whatnot but the nice thing about the film is that it doesn't over explain too much. One pr
review/text: I'm an avid fan of fantasy, and while it's been a number of years, I remember having the book read to me in elementary school.  The film brings to life a certain enchantment that's hard to describe in words.  The music and the assortment of Narnia's characters are the definite working charms here.  That being said, I have one major complaint: this would have been much better had it been produce
e, and of course the seduction - wonderful scenes, even if taken in isolation. Bowie and Deneuve, promising "forever," put an additional chill into the first scene of his coffin.<br /><br />I find it hard to describe this movie - the action is subdued but meaningful. The visual styling has subtlety, something I appreciate more after seeing other movies that lack it.<br /><br />I like this one. I have trouble sayi
lm features an Oscar-Winning screenplay, superb acting from Kate Hudson, Patrick Fugit, and Billy Crudup, and a story you will never forget.  There is so much to appreciate about this film that it is hard to describe it without rambling on and on.  So, bottom line: See this film!
review/text: It's hard to describe the feelings this picture inspires. James Fenimore Cooper's book was one classic I read a couple of times when I was a teenager. The archaic English and the possible improbability of the story never 
gs in the world must balance.  Bruce Willis and Samuel L. Jackson both gave stellar performances in the primary roles.  I find myself at a loss for words (which happens infrequently) ... this film is hard to describe without giving away too much of the plot.  Willis portrays a man who can't be injured ... Jackson, a man who is very easily hurt physically.  The film has some childhood flashback scenes for both cha
review/text: I had the definite fortune of seeing this film for the first time as a midnight show in an actual theater many years ago. I'd been a Beatlemaniac for several years, and it is hard to describe the feeling of actually seeing and hearing live, moving Beatles after seeing b&w stills of the movie for years in magazines, etc.<br />This film remains staunchly in my top 10 movies of all time, bar
he score was used later as a full song on the soundtrack titled "Angel". With NINish drums and a hollow flute like melody this song encapsulates the feel of this movie better than anything else. It's hard to describe exactly how it does, but listen and you might get it. The final scene of the movie is an overhead shot of Mathilda that rises up to the New York skyline. This is accompanied by the song "Shape of My 
reat. It loses little of its charm. (Of course the Vlogs looked more realistic when watched online)<br />But that's what it is, on DVD... The extras are fun but meagre... The Commentary Musical is... hard to describe. It sounds a bit forced at parts and the singing makes it not so easy to understand all the commentaries, but still a very fresh and nice idea.<br />However there is one big Minus for this release (h
review/text: It's hard to describe how much I enjoyed this film.  Especially without sounding trite.  But "Ink" is undeniably exquisite.  The story it tells, the themes it brings in, the visuals, the soundtrack... everything is so poi
Ink I was not repulsed. One of the most interesting and moving movies I have seen in a long time. I hate using the term brilliant because it's vastly overused however I think this one case where it's hard to describe it in any other way. The acting is decent for such a low budget movie, the story is incredibly original, the cinematography is excellent and the visual effects rival anything that a big budget Hollyw
review/text: Amores perros is a movie that depicts a specific (3) story of typical lives of society in Mexico city. I really like these movies that will conserve through time the culture that is hard to describe in other arts.<br />must watch for those who love to understand this culture.
ction thriller presents a different kind of movie; one that actually feels a bit different. Michael Mann this time brings a unique camera work that mixes documentary style with digital...it's kind of hard to describe, but it works, it gives the film a sort of "independent" filmmaking look. Unfortunately Mann would use this exact same technique on "Miami Vice" in which it looks atrocious.<br /><br />Collateral beg
nto, folk, country, gospel...I said wide variety...I find I am becoming a more than weary of what could be called the "Broadway muscial motif".<br />They have a way of sounding so very similar. It is hard to describe. I'll try this: that the melodies and tempi seem only barely able to emerge from recitative.<br /><br />Here is a sample of a tune from this show:  C-D; C-D; C-A...and then we "vary" that monotony by
s enjoyed futuristic Sci-Fi - Do not really remember if it appeared in comic form.<br /><br />Have yet to look at disc 2 -- have thoroughly enjoyed the actors concept of their characters - it is very hard to describe the feelings invocked upon seeing that ugly old Alien Queen - the nasty Company that wanted the Alien alive - no matter who has to die in the meantime.<br /><br />Oh Yeah! those guys were in for the 
 It finally hit me one night at blockbuster what I had been neglecting throughout my teenage years, rented Alien and brought it back to my dorm to the delight of my college buddies.<br /><br />  It's hard to describe the terror and tension Ridley Scott creates in this film.  The facehugger and chestburster scenes are truly the stuff nightmares are made of, the kinds of things that make you wake up yelling and swe
the wonderful qualities he was.<br /><br />My review is different than others here.  But all I can say is this is a story that everyone should see as the story itself must be felt inside, and that is hard to describe.  As a work of art, this work astounds.  Nothing can be said except good for the efforts of all.<br /><br />Stunning!
review/text: This is one of the most beautifully photographed movies ever.  It has a moody, atmospheric quality that is hard to describe; almost dreamlike in places. The storyline is fairly straightforward at first, but then becomes convoluted as the movie increasingly digresses into tangential areas including a fair amount of Weird A
review/text: Yes! Finally! I. CANNOT. WAIT. This movie makes those Scary Movies look like doodie. This is so bizarre and out there, it's hard to describe. Sign me up! I doubt the present generation will understand the humor. It's more of an homage to the horror films of the late 70s and early 80s, and is no way slick -- nor does it pay any homage -- t
review/text: Today, it is probably hard to describe how brilliant "Phantasm" seemed in its year of release:  quite simply, there was nothing else like it in the American cinema.  "Phantasm" is literally a dream put on film; the fact that Don Coscarell
so much so that it will spark a new trend in Hollywood. It's not that the feature isn't entertaining, it is. The problem is that it is nothing more then that. The feeling this film leaves you with is hard to describe, so here's the best way one can put it: If you are at a buddy's house for a night with your best friends and the School of Rock is the film of choice, you won't exactly try to weasel everyone out of 
review/text: It's hard to describe in this review the comedic genius of Wanda Sykes.  Her pacing, voice inflection, body language, and joke &amp; story-telling are perfect throughout this DVD.  Using these skills, Wanda connects with 
s movie is so terrible... and I mean SO terrible, that you absolutely must see it. But if you see it, you must see it with a large group of people. The movie is so bad in so many ways that it will be hard to describe them, but I can try.<br /><br />The movie starts off with the most wild concept you can possibly imagine, or rather, the most wild concept that a 4th grader can possibly imagine, then sets it on the 
s movie is so terrible... and I mean SO terrible, that you absolutely must see it. But if you see it, you must see it with a large group of people. The movie is so bad in so many ways that it will be hard to describe them, but I can try.<br /><br />The movie starts off with the most wild concept you can possibly imagine, or rather, the most wild concept that a 4th grader can possibly imagine, then sets it on the 
ent colors that are not bold and bright, Although most animated films of today feature bright and bold colors, which look fantastic, this looked good, too, because of the richness of the colors. It's hard to describe; you have to see it. It just looks different, but very pleasing to my eyes.<br /><br />Overall, the story was only so-so and sometimes lagged in the first half of it, but I get the feeling this DVD w
he score was used later as a full song on the soundtrack titled "Angel". With NINish drums and a hollow flute like melody this song encapsulates the feel of this movie better than anything else. It's hard to describe exactly how it does, but listen and you might get it. The final scene of the movie is an overhead shot of Mathilda that rises up to the New York skyline. This is accompanied by the song "Shape of My 
review/text: I bought both of his DVDs and gave them away and had to buy another set for my library. It is hard to describe how funny Dunham and his characters are.
o everyone, which to me is part of it's appeal.  The Dude, Walter, etc. are all unique and interesting characters in their own funny ways.  Every line seems funnier the more you watch the film.  It's hard to describe, but I recommend everyone see it and you'll either love it or not get it.  But I'm betting most will love it.
review/text: First of all, don't catch this on tv.  Rent it or buy it so you can see the R rated version so the entire effect can be had from this extremely hard to describe movie.  Comedy, Horror, Urban Fairy Tale with a Moral?  You'll have to watch and figure out for yourself.  Personally I think there's all of the above in this movie but the Horror parts stick out the
ruders in a house that seems to never end.  Part haunted house yarn, part mad dog chase, and lets not forget "Flowers in the Attic" on acid, blend with a near zombie-like teenage movie.  The movie is hard to describe, but there isn't one nearly like it.  It is Wes Craven's most original work, and to cast a drag queen as the leading lady is so John Waters!  Also stars a young Ving Rhames, who now has gone full cir
/>The cinematography is some of the most interesting ever.  Studying it could be the sole focus of an entire graduate film program, and they still not might be able to cover it in its entirety.  It's hard to describe the power of scenes like after Hoffman reveals to his girlfriend that her mother was the woman he was with.  As he walks away defeated, the camera pans out and the look in Mrs. Robinson's eyes says s
review/text: Soul Eater has a unique art style that gets some getting used to but once you do...you realize how awesome it is. It's hard to describe but I really love it, when I read the first chapter of Soul Eater manga I was actually wishing for the art to look more like its anime counterpart. Also the opening song...is completely addicting I a
est she has done in quite some time (a great comeback after the horrible "Stepford Wives" remake) and Sean Penn takes a more laid back approach to his character here and it works to his benefit. It's hard to describe this movie without giving anything away (it has a pretty standard political assassination plot), but if you are the mood for a political thriller which focuses on the character drama just as much as 
ctors. The odd sound effects, and the fact that a large part of the story happens overnight, adds to it all. Just look at the scenery, even in the daylight shots.<br /><br />It's a bizarre film, it's hard to describe, and all I can say, is you have to see it for yourself to see what is meant here. John Belushi plays the straight man to Dan Aykroyd's lunatic, and even though Aykroyd's and Cathy Moriarty's characte
review/text: This movie is visually stunning but it is not intended for those who need constant action.  After a confusing start this movie bloomed into something incredible.  Really hard to describe in words it had such strong spiritual overtones than anyone who has faith will feel more enlightened.<br /><br />This journey begins in 1500 A.D. as the main character is a Spaniard in Ancient Mexico
A Game'. Sleuth sounds like some standard detectives fair and this is not standard. The movie is a game and it is about games and Anthony Shaffer is playing a game with the audiance.<br /><br />It is hard to describe the film without giving away a twist or turn but the begining is fairly safe. Milo Tindel (Michael Caine) is invited to the country manner of Alaxander Wake (Laurance Olivier). Wake is a rather bizar
e fairy leads her, turning into a green goblin creature, which speaks like Tinkerbell. She meets Fauno inside, who's hiding from the rest of the world, and is a mix of so many different animals, it's hard to describe. She then discovers she's actually a princess, and the princess's soul has been brought back through her. But she has to complete three challenges, in order to see if she belongs with the mortals or 
 emotion with the Bride, Bill, and B.B., any film lover will relish the opportunity to watch and rewatch this as a classic.  The final act at Bill's place feels so classic and surreal, it's just very hard to describe.  The wide variety of emotions, from anger and longing to love and regret, combined with fantastic Tarantino dialogue and some quick bursts of action, all come together to create an immortal moment i
t movies you have ever seen. If you work in an office enviroment, or work in the IT sector this movie is the best. You'll particularly like the gangland beating of the office printer. <p>The story is hard to describe, but if I had to I would say that it's the story of a man on his quest to do nothing... absolutely nothing. <p>I recommend this movie if you are between 14 and 50. A little younger could watch it but
review/text: This movie was somewhat disturbing in it's realism.  Curse words were few, so it wasn't that.  It will make you think and challenge your beliefs.  It is challenging and hard to describe.  It is a true story and so is valuable for learning.  The man it is about is a very controversial figure.  Some people nearly worship him, and others can hardly stand him and try to discredit everyt
review/text: I took my 7 year old son to see this movie today, and there was a point in the movie where I had "that feeling."  This is a feeling I don't often get watching a movie.  It is hard to describe it, but I know that the next time, and every other time I see that spot in the film, this thrill will return.  The last time I got that thrill was when I saw "Fellowship of the Ring," and I got to th
hat space into Neo and Smith getting it on in some way shape or form. The screenplay should have been revised from the start instead of plowing so much money into the Zion action sequence. It is very hard to describe what an utter disappointment this film was. It could possibly be one of worst mega-budget pictures ever made. Fans will feel downright conned. Those who are looking for popcorn fodder will probably f
hat space into Neo and Smith getting it on in some way shape or form. The screenplay should have been revised from the start instead of plowing so much money into the Zion action sequence. It is very hard to describe what an utter disappointment this film was. It could possibly be one of worst mega-budget pictures ever made. Fans will feel downright conned. Those who are looking for popcorn fodder will probably f
review/text: This film is incredible.  Not because it is good, but because it is so horribly bad.  And its very clear that they didn't mean it to be so bad.  Its hard to describe exactly what is so bad about it.  its actually a very well made movie. (except for the boom in the shot in one of the first scenes)  The acting is actually not very bad, I've seen much worse in TV sh
is brilliant in his triple role as the U.S. President, Dr. Strangelove, and Mandrake. George C. Scott also tops the cake in his over-the-top caricature of the Pattonesque General Buck Turgidson. It's hard to describe all of the nuances of this film on such a short review: you have to see it for yourself. Although the film will certainly have more of an impact on those who are old enough to remember the Cold War a
r. This is not toilet humor. This is dark political humor that's incredibly ironic and satirical. There are so many classic scenes ("Be careful, Mr. President. I think he's drunk."), that it's simply hard to describe all of them in just one review. Straight to the point, this is one of Stanley Kubrick's greatest films, and one of the greatest comedies of all time. It has a great ensemble of actors (Sellers, Scott
review/text: That's the only way to describe this hard to describe film.  Pitt is good, but not great.  Forlani is a welcome site.  Anthony Hopkins deserves the kudos.<p>I saw this film not knowing what to expect.  I wasn't  disappointed.  Pitt's sudden demise early
teless comic bent, and so frequently employed, that it demands mention. The story feels minor to begin with, but is so disjointed and inane, that it is best described as no story at all. The music is hard to describe, I'll be kind, it's not helpful. The only reason to see this film is for the absolutely gorgeous, almost hypnotic cinematography. That and perhaps a young and radiant Sarah Miles. That should have be
he movie was great as well as the sounds effects were great also.<br /><br />the other con to the movie was the film angle of the zombies or how should i put it they zipped them in and out persay its hard to describe once you see the movie youll know what i mean.<br /><br />now the other con is the zombies themselves before i saw land of the dead i thought resident evil zombies were great and made perfect but whe
m with Resident Evil Apocalypse is that the camera views are awful.When you watch a fight seen you want to see the fight at a good angle and on many different angles.The views were so bad it's almost hard to describe them  but think about seeing a fight seen and the whole time the camera's focused on the person's chest the entire fight there's kicking and punching but you can't see much of the kicking or punching
gs in the world must balance.  Bruce Willis and Samuel L. Jackson both gave stellar performances in the primary roles.  I find myself at a loss for words (which happens infrequently) ... this film is hard to describe without giving away too much of the plot.  Willis portrays a man who can't be injured ... Jackson, a man who is very easily hurt physically.  The film has some childhood flashback scenes for both cha
review/text: It's sort of hard to describe this movie.  Put it this way.  I didn't know what in the world I was looking at when I caught Clerks mid-way through in the fall of 1996.  I was in Navy specialty school in Meridian, MS when somebody
character. In his early life, he's dumb but not that dumb. But through parts of his later life (like the 60's) he's suddenly smart and aware of things, especially after meeting Elvis. Cox is somewhat hard to describe but he's mostly simple and kind, often trying to do the right things for his family and make music, as he loves to do, but often gets caught up in "the Temptations." I guess I'm saying that his chara
entured out on a cold and snowy Friday afternoon to see a cinema society screening seemed to enjoy it as well. The surroundings and the receptive audience only made the movie that much better.<p>It's hard to describe the movie to friends...a movie about a dwarf who likes trains and inherits an abandoned depot. I simply tell them that it is about so much more than trains. But there are those "been there, done that
ations by a stellar cast. Ms. Cruz, of course, is luminous, and her talents belie  atrocious handling in Hollywood. Those beautiful eyes say so much, and her control centers the crazy goings on. It's hard to describe the plot, even a bit, without blabbing away vital plot-points, but it's certainly a showcase for women, which is where Sr. Almodovar excels. All of the women fit their roles perfectly, and the great 
ms; one better than the one before, in a way different in some ways all carrying a deep sense of humanity! We watch drama unfolding to arrive when less expected at the end; always full of hope. It is hard to describe fully what I felt watching VOLVER. To recommend this movie is to say at least; it is so simple yet so complex. The action takes place in the country site of Spain. Penelope Cruz, wife and mother. Ver
n head hand puppet and there is a kill scene that looks eerily realistic.  A young man is stabbed in the stomach with a large bone-cutting knife and instead of a quick cut to another scene..well it's hard to describe but it's the look of resignation on the young mans face about what is happening to him that makes this scene a little unusual.<br /><br />Intruder is not intended for anyone expecting art but in it's
review/text: Audrey Hepburn is Holly Golightly. There is and was only one. It is hard to describe the attraction of this film, yet it still captivates me every time I view it. I think it has something to do with the time and place when it was made, a carefree time that exists no longer and a time
review/text: Imagine a Kurosawa film with hip-hop attitude (thanks in part to the absolutely fantastic soundtrack by RZA).  I found it hard to describe for friends in terms of genres; it moves far too slow for an action movie, too much violence and death for a character study; further confused by infrequent touches of comic genius;  it comes off on 
in Christmas town. He was looking at everything with wonder, the snow, the elves, presents, and even Santa Clause. Later he comes back to Halloween Town to tell everyone about what he saw. But it was hard to describe.  After many expirements with Christmas he decides he wants to kidnapp Santa clause and become Santa himself. He changes his image and brings Christmas to Halloween.<br /><br />This is a great film. 
re. You have to sort of watch the others and this back to back to see the difference. I just find his verbal scenes in this one a lot less satisfying, the Hannibal signature is starting to lack. It's hard to describe.<br /><br />2. The new main character, Edward Norton, is a great actor HOWEVER he does not fit this role nearly as well as his predecessors. He just doesn't have it. He's a fantastic actor in other m
review/text: Massacre at Central High is a very interesting film. Not exactly a slasher. Not exactly a high school flick. It's actually very hard to describe the movie. Since others have already done so, I will simply describe the quality of the dvd. It's obviously a vhs transfer and not a very good one at that (I'm referring to the DVD-R). I don't know i
about who he is and what he does. Suffice to say that in modern times he'd have big hair, a bad suit and the ability to cry/plead for money on cue whenever a TV camera is on him.<br /><br />It's very hard to describe this movie beyond what I've said, at least as far as the plot goes. The cinematography is mind-blowing and the music is... well, effective. There's a weird sound that plays over the soundtrack from t
ll understand. For months I was afraid this film would never see the light of day. Disney finally released it last spring to little fanfare, although I managed to catch it, and I dug it a lot.<p>It's hard to describe the twisting, meandering plot -- Tim Allen is an ad exec whose son has to shoot a girl he has a crush on with a water pistol, not knowing that a couple of bumbling hitmen are targeting her stepfather
review/text: The appeal of Nick Cave is hard to describe, but easy to understand when seeing him perform live. His music is smart, dark, brash at times, and melodic at others. This new DVD showcases one of the earlier concerts on the "No More Shall We Part
 this review it is hard to find the words to describe this movie. it is probably one of the most powerful movies ive ever seen to say the least. but that doesnt do this movie justice. since i find it hard to describe this movie i guess this will one word pretty much sums up my feelings on this movie: INDESCRIBABLE!!!
reat. It loses little of its charm. (Of course the Vlogs looked more realistic when watched online)<br />But that's what it is, on DVD... The extras are fun but meagre... The Commentary Musical is... hard to describe. It sounds a bit forced at parts and the singing makes it not so easy to understand all the commentaries, but still a very fresh and nice idea.<br />However there is one big Minus for this release (h
review/text: It's hard to describe the feelings this picture inspires. James Fenimore Cooper's book was one classic I read a couple of times when I was a teenager. The archaic English and the possible improbability of the story never 
 came time to track down this film I would have gotten confused between Mike Myers and Peter Sellers and who knows who all else.  But Heather Graham is hard to miss.  If you haven't seen Kumare, it's hard to describe what makes the two movies so similar, considering this is supposed to be a fiction film and the new movie a a documentary but basically both of them are young, handsome Indian guys who decide to pose
 need to read any further.<p>"DTF" is the movie version of "The Red Green Show," a CBC production shown only on PBS stations in the US (and on CBC, if your cable or satellite system carries it). It's hard to describe in a few words, other than to say it's about the "inadequacy" of the human male, while also conveying an implicit misogyny, in a Zoroastrian sort of way. Though "Home Improvement" starts from roughly
 on and on about this film but suffice to say that so far I haven't met anyone who didn't find "Raising Arizona" hilarious. And as any great Coen brothers film, it has a certain mythic quality that's hard to describe, but is present all of of the brothers' best efforts. When I was single, I often used Coen brothers films as a barometer of sorts for prospective boyfriends. For instance, I remember seeing "Fargo" o
ever do to anyone to deserve that?<br /><br />If you thought "Howard the Duck" was the worst anthropomorphic animal and human movie ever made, think again. This one is a unique brand of awful that is hard to describe. It would, however, be an excellent gift for someone who believes they can withstand any bad movie. Just make sure you don't make the mistake of offering to watch it with them. Plan to be in another 
review/text: I saw this movie with my best friend in the theater when I was 13 years old. I loved it then and I've never forgotten it. Recently I streamed it twice on netflix. It is hard to describe this film. It is funny and sad and deeply moving.<br />While masquerading as a light comedy, this film is actually very deep and profound. What they face at the end of the movie is not just Moriarty,
e fairy leads her, turning into a green goblin creature, which speaks like Tinkerbell. She meets Fauno inside, who's hiding from the rest of the world, and is a mix of so many different animals, it's hard to describe. She then discovers she's actually a princess, and the princess's soul has been brought back through her. But she has to complete three challenges, in order to see if she belongs with the mortals or 
teless comic bent, and so frequently employed, that it demands mention. The story feels minor to begin with, but is so disjointed and inane, that it is best described as no story at all. The music is hard to describe, I'll be kind, it's not helpful. The only reason to see this film is for the absolutely gorgeous, almost hypnotic cinematography. That and perhaps a young and radiant Sarah Miles. That should have be
review/text: It is hard to describe this movie other than to say it is full of very nice but predictable fight scenes. I'd say one of the only reasons to really watch it is for the amazing special effects seen in sub-zero's brother's i
review/text: American History X is very hard to describe into words, for me at least. A white man goes to prison after killing a black man that was trying to steal his fathers car. One catch: the man is part of the local skinhead movement. He's the youth l
red world inside her computer. What she finds ranges from strange cults to a man who claims to be god. As it progresses, lain begins to question her existence, her identity, and her social life. It's hard to describe this series because of the complex plot and strange dialouge. It has an atmosphere of creepiness and sometimes turns out to be philisophical. The animation is great and the plot, although confusing a
ely, mmmmmmm...), the effects were worthy of an  Academy Award.  Great direction by Proyas (same guy who brought us The  Crow) and a terrific script (which, by the way won a Bram Stoker Award).  It's hard to describe this movie, a little bit of noir, a little bit of  Blade Runner, and a striking resemblance to the Borg of Star Trek: The Next  Generation.  But it's not a Star Trek movie by a longshot.  Eyecatching
t movies you have ever seen. If you work in an office enviroment, or work in the IT sector this movie is the best. You'll particularly like the gangland beating of the office printer. <p>The story is hard to describe, but if I had to I would say that it's the story of a man on his quest to do nothing... absolutely nothing. <p>I recommend this movie if you are between 14 and 50. A little younger could watch it but
review/text: This is one of my favorite movies by Mr. Campbell. It is very similar to quite a few SiFi/Horror flicks of the early and mid sixties. It is hard to describe the fun parts of this movie without going into details and giving some of the good bits away. It is funny only in that special way Mr. Campbell has of making something dark laughable. If you are a fa
network approval at any point in the process.  That's Louie. Sometimes it's not a comedy at all ("Bully"), sometimes it's over-the-top and surreal ("Travel Day/South"), sometimes it's just... way too hard to describe.  But it's literally worth buying for his episode commentaries alone!<br /><br />It has to be said though that the discs are truly awful.  Blu-Ray on one side and DVD on the other is a guarantee that
network approval at any point in the process.  That's Louie. Sometimes it's not a comedy at all ("Bully"), sometimes it's over-the-top and surreal ("Travel Day/South"), sometimes it's just... way too hard to describe.  But it's literally worth buying for his episode commentaries alone!<br /><br />It has to be said though that the discs are truly awful.  Blu-Ray on one side and DVD on the other is a guarantee that
review/text: I think most people believe this movie is good amusing fun.  I actually do believe there is a little more to it.  Its the hard to describe something that seperates the ok movies from the good films. The not so subtle commentary on domestic and suburban life is wittier and more profound than i'd expected.  I came away thinking i'd gotten
review/text: I really enjoyed this movie. I have not seen many Steve McQueen movies to date, but I hope to see more now. Frank Keller won an Oscar for editing for "Bullitt" and I can see why. It's hard to describe what makes great editing, but you know it when you see it. Sometimes a shot will go on a bit longer than you expect it to, and, after viewing the shot, you realize how effective it was. There are sev
review/text: What is life like in a not too distant future? What we think is good today, can be barbaric tomorrow. It's hard to describe what this movie is about without giving the answer. You better see it to believe it.
re. You have to sort of watch the others and this back to back to see the difference. I just find his verbal scenes in this one a lot less satisfying, the Hannibal signature is starting to lack. It's hard to describe.<br /><br />2. The new main character, Edward Norton, is a great actor HOWEVER he does not fit this role nearly as well as his predecessors. He just doesn't have it. He's a fantastic actor in other m
review/text: This movie is really hard to describe. First of all, Michael Caine did a  fine job but his performance didn't strike me as oscar caliber. Secondly,  the movie seemed a bit to preachy about the pros and cons of abortion.  Third, the sex s
he movie was great as well as the sounds effects were great also.<br /><br />the other con to the movie was the film angle of the zombies or how should i put it they zipped them in and out persay its hard to describe once you see the movie youll know what i mean.<br /><br />now the other con is the zombies themselves before i saw land of the dead i thought resident evil zombies were great and made perfect but whe
m with Resident Evil Apocalypse is that the camera views are awful.When you watch a fight seen you want to see the fight at a good angle and on many different angles.The views were so bad it's almost hard to describe them  but think about seeing a fight seen and the whole time the camera's focused on the person's chest the entire fight there's kicking and punching but you can't see much of the kicking or punching
review/text: This was such a piece of [film] it's hard to describe.  I bought it based on the cover, thought I was getting a 'kung fu' flick, you know lots of choreographed fights, etc.  It was just a [bad] bunch of meaningless stuff strung together and called a mov
 />I have done this dvd 3 times so far.  The first time I did only the yoga on disc 1.  It is a slow paced, easy vinyasa flow of approx. 35 minutes.  I wasn't wowed by this style of yoga.  It is very hard to describe but it seemed to be too linear for me as I was expecting more of a circular, serpentine, dancey yoga ala Shiva Rea.  As such when I did the shimmy section of the dvd, I preceded it with the yoga flow
review/text: DUDE! this movie was AWESOME! it was wicked funny but hard to describe. it was full of surprise and it was cool. u have to pay attention and follow along. U HAVE TO SEE THIS MOVIE!!! only one more thing to say.........................................SHIBBYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!
ham), partners (but not the kind that "hold hands and take windy walks," as Turkish puts it) in running an illegal bare-knuckle boxing ring.<p>What follows is so fast-paced and intertwined that it is hard to describe it. [....] I loved this movie so much that I find it hard to keep it to a minimum when discussing it.  I haven't yet found a review that truly did it justice, and I'm sure I'm not doing much better. 
of many episodes.  What a cute and talented little guy he is.  The introductions with Pat and Linda are great, however, obviously filmed at the same time the firt season was released.<br /><br />It's hard to describe the feeling I get watching this old show.....I was very young when it was on prime time. It really makes you realize how far down we have come for entertainment.  Current TV shows don't even have ope
t of business and selling all their stock. With the title and cover, it looked like it would be a good bad movie: cheesy, stupid, and fun to watch. And it was -- except for the "fun".<br /><br />It's hard to describe just how terrible it is. The story makes little sense, even after all the twists are "explained". Nothing any character does seems motivated, despite the fact that the characters sometimes inexplicab
IQ6">Mad Men - Season One</a> has completely changed the way I view TV.  I generally watch things at random and don't watch a lot of shows consistently.  This is a show worth changing that for.  It's hard to describe what makes this show such a rare event in TV.  Somebody had the vision to put a show on TV that has something to say and is as raw, honest and true to the period it is based on.  I, for one, am grate
review/text: This is a movie that drips with cheese.<br />Silly special effects, basic plot, one dimensional characters.<br /><br />And it's one of my favorite movies of all time.<br /><br />It's hard to describe why I like this movie so much. Maybe it's because I grew up watching Kung Fu Theater as a kid, and so have a special place in my heart for bad effects with guys flying around on wires and the like.<b
review/text: This was so far ahead of its time that it is hard to describe.  Ic an see a bunch of stuff from STarwars in this.  The way the Robo-cops act is like the robots in Starwars... etc.<br /><br />Buy it!
 evil empire whose recruiting new soldiers and Amon competes with others to become one of the soldiers. Theres tons of characters with unique traits and the movie takes several twists.<br /><br />Its hard to describe the exact nature of the plot but what i will say is that if you dont give this movie a chance, your missing out!
rprising stars like Tom Cruise and Julianne Moore wouldn't hesitate to work in this movie.  All of the characters were so well realized, that there wasn't a single storyline that left me bored.  It's hard to describe Anderson's genius in words, but all it takes is one look at his work to see it.  Look at this, Boogie Nights and Punch Drunk Love in particular for a unique movie making style.  I wish he'd churn out
 mission--about half the time he has left--not to say that when duty calls-real men don't answer--but this is absurd--it't the end of the world--and he's taking off from his wife and child.<br />It's hard to describe just how boring this movie is--about the only excitement is finding out a coke bottle is tapping out morse code<br />Gregory Peck and Anthony Perkins are among my favorite actors--but even they can't
re. A car is the star of the film, a very jealous and vengeful one at that. Man, that sounds silly but, if you're reading this you have probably watched the movie so no sense going into details. It's hard to describe the story in a paragraph without it sounding stupid....but it's not. Maybe the quickest way to explain it is that it is about a car that is alive, like a human, and you mess with it, you pay!<br /><b
ce after (The End Of The World) it's dark but has the action you expect. It centers around the bible but isn't what you might think, it didn't take away from the Movie or over power it. The ending is hard to describe so I won't, I liked it. Everyone takes it a little different. I don't think anyone would be disappointed with this Movie.
review/text: Trees Lounge is hard to describe because it doesn't really stick to one specific genre.  The reason it doesn't stick to one specific genre is because it doesn't really do much of *anything*.  Plot development?  Yeah... if you wanna 
review/text: This is a movie that drips with cheese.<br />Silly special effects, basic plot, one dimensional characters.<br /><br />And it's one of my favorite movies of all time.<br /><br />It's hard to describe why I like this movie so much. Maybe it's because I grew up watching Kung Fu Theater as a kid, and so have a special place in my heart for bad effects with guys flying around on wires and the like.<b
me fun interplay between the band members - just check out Tony Kaye playing an accordian!) and "Rhythm of Love" (one of my favorite songs from this particular line-up, although the FX-heavy video is hard to describe). The collection ends with a live version of "All Good People", which is again taken from the "9012 Live" concert. (I found it strange that it is Steve Howe who introduces this clip, eventhough he is
 boasts incredible animation, atmosphere and creativity. Ghost in a shell also has a very crisp and clear sound track and digital effects. <p>GS is quite an interesting movie, which is actually quite hard to describe plotwise without going two pages long :)<br />Its basically the matrix of anime, which has probably been said enough times to be a cliche.<br />Anyhow, be sure to catch this one, it'll be worth youre
uct for giving them a chance to discover language. The hypnotic quality of the DVD probably is creepy to a parent of a "typical" child, but when you are wondering if your child will ever speak, it is hard to describe the pure joy of hearing your child walk around the house counting things while he or she mimics the DVD. This DVD is getting some bad reviews and it would be an absolute shame for someone who really 
ir game.  The score will take you away to a different time.  The story will make you reminiscent and nostalgic of your own youth and your friendships.  This is a movie everyone should see.  Words are hard to describe its sweet pain of loss and life...MTS
nte and Tom  Tykwer, it is absolutely riveting.<p>For all these reasons and more, see  this movie.  I love this movie so much, and I've probably seen it well over  10 times, but at the same time it's hard to describe WHY I love it.  I've  tried to do that here, but I really can't.  You are just going to have to  see it to believe it.
review/text: It's kind of hard to describe what kind of movie this is. On one hand, it is very much a mockumentary of horror films. On the other hand, mockumentary usually means that it is supposed to be funny, which this really isn't. There'
is brilliant in his triple role as the U.S. President, Dr. Strangelove, and Mandrake. George C. Scott also tops the cake in his over-the-top caricature of the Pattonesque General Buck Turgidson. It's hard to describe all of the nuances of this film on such a short review: you have to see it for yourself. Although the film will certainly have more of an impact on those who are old enough to remember the Cold War a
r. This is not toilet humor. This is dark political humor that's incredibly ironic and satirical. There are so many classic scenes ("Be careful, Mr. President. I think he's drunk."), that it's simply hard to describe all of them in just one review. Straight to the point, this is one of Stanley Kubrick's greatest films, and one of the greatest comedies of all time. It has a great ensemble of actors (Sellers, Scott
review/text: Oh my fu%ing god....what a movie. From the beginning to the end you sit there totally spellbound. I guess It is the sickest movie I have ever seen. I don't know, It's hard to describe....seeing is believing.<br />I have always been a big fan of the horror genre, and especially movies that is something special (Eraserhead, Deranged etc) but this movie reach the top.<p>Love this mov
review/text: It is hard to describe this movie other than to say it is full of very nice but predictable fight scenes. I'd say one of the only reasons to really watch it is for the amazing special effects seen in sub-zero's brother's i
 /><br />This is Nimoy's motion picture directorial debut, and he performs solidly enough, though there are a few moments here and there where it simply feels like there's something ... missing. It's hard to describe.<br /><br />That's not to say it isn't worth a watch. If you plan on seeing Star Treks II and IV, this is a must see. But there are also some scenes that are just superbly done. The scene breaking Mc
review/text: It is hard to describe anything about this movie without ruining it. I can only say that the "private eye" in this flick should have seen everything coming well before.....well, before it occurred.<br />Good acting, good p
mmense ferocity and pure drive.  I have gone back and searched out other pieces of music he conducted and find my heart equally touched in the quite delicate but piercing manner in this video that is hard to describe.<br />And the odd thing is that people aren't forgetting him. They are not letting go of him.  This is why this tells me this guy, this Karajan, is one for the ages. Karajan is so rich with spirit, s
 Raimi drives everything with his unique direction that places the action somewhere between a horror and a cartoon. It has great camera work, frantic shots and a real flair for the unreal; it is very hard to describe but it can be seen it many of his films.<br /><br />Campbell's ongoing cult status has only been helped recently by Bubba Ho-tep but this is where it basically began and part II only sees his continu
 between two individuals cuts to a second set of characters fighting. These two are momentarily seperated and one of the combatants from the first fight stumbles backwards between them. In print it's hard to describe, but on film it brings a sense of connection to scenes that are really utter chaos. It allows the action to go non-stop without boring or confusing the viewer. And that makes the chaos so much more d
review/text: its hard to describe Wednesday 13's Weirdo A Go Go, since Wednesday himself is having nothing more than good drunken fun. i have not yet been able to veiw this film with alcohol, but as a fan of Wednesday 13's music and 
n 1080p High Definition, we get a 7.1 DTS-HD Master Audio lossless soundtrack which sounds incredible!  Just the fact that the film looks and sounds better is significant.  The colors just pop!  It's hard to describe of how awesome this film looks on Blu-ray compared to previous video releases.  In the past, there was always this dreamy, hazy look to the film.  Though it was colorful, I have always thought that w
review/text: It's sort of hard to describe this movie.  Put it this way.  I didn't know what in the world I was looking at when I caught Clerks mid-way through in the fall of 1996.  I was in Navy specialty school in Meridian, MS when somebody
review/text: This is the very best season of 24! The threat is set up in such a way that it can be stretched out over multiple episodes (hard to describe this without being a spoiler!) without the kind of repetition that mars earlier seasons. Plenty of suspense, love interest (and not just between Jack and Audrey!), and the sexy high technology that i
nte and Tom  Tykwer, it is absolutely riveting.<p>For all these reasons and more, see  this movie.  I love this movie so much, and I've probably seen it well over  10 times, but at the same time it's hard to describe WHY I love it.  I've  tried to do that here, but I really can't.  You are just going to have to  see it to believe it.
review/text: I had the extreme pleasure of seeing this film at A&amp;O Films B-fest 2001.  Wow!  It's so hard to describe, but if you're into strange things this is a definite must see.  It is guaranteed to mess with your head and keep you begging for more.  When I tell people about this movie they just don't believe me
review/text: Dexter is the most original series I have ever seen.  By the time you finish the first episode, you are hooked.  This show is so weird and unique, it is hard to describe. To yourself a favor, watch this show.
review/text: Audrey Hepburn is Holly Golightly. There is and was only one. It is hard to describe the attraction of this film, yet it still captivates me every time I view it. I think it has something to do with the time and place when it was made, a carefree time that exists no longer and a time
/>(which I do not), I would view<br />a porno DVD.<br />The only people who thinks that<br />this is a horror film are the<br />parents of the actress who played<br />the deer bimbo.<br /><br />It is hard to describe how poor<br />this episode of Masters Of Horror is.<br />It is hard to believe that this was<br />the inaugural episode of the series.<br />The producers must have assumed that<br />their viewers are
review/text: It is really hard to describe this movie, but I will try. According to Joseph Pistone, this movie is about 95% true. This movie is based on the experience of Joseph D. Pistone. In this movie he is played by Jonny Depp. Joseph wor
review/text: I love this movie. I'm sure you already know the basic plot, so I'll spare you a rehash. It is hard to describe how this movie just roped me in; It is a film of many emotions and layers; It was a pleasure to watch the events unfold in this modern fairy tale. Paul Giamatti was one of the main reasons this worke
gs in the world must balance.  Bruce Willis and Samuel L. Jackson both gave stellar performances in the primary roles.  I find myself at a loss for words (which happens infrequently) ... this film is hard to describe without giving away too much of the plot.  Willis portrays a man who can't be injured ... Jackson, a man who is very easily hurt physically.  The film has some childhood flashback scenes for both cha
review/text: The DVD showed all the high lights. Game 6 was the best the people where tenis in the game. When the final home was hit it was hard to describe but was great.
review/text: It's sort of hard to describe this movie.  Put it this way.  I didn't know what in the world I was looking at when I caught Clerks mid-way through in the fall of 1996.  I was in Navy specialty school in Meridian, MS when somebody
nfluential directors, and their movies are subject of study in film schools. However, no other French film has impacted me as "Going Places." It keeps coming to mind on occasion, for reasons that are hard to describe. This is a movie to be watched over and over every five or ten years, and it is finally available in the Blu-ray format - a must for any film lover.<br /><br />G&eacute;rard Depardieu and Patrick Dew
review/text: I love this movie. I'm sure you already know the basic plot, so I'll spare you a rehash. It is hard to describe how this movie just roped me in; It is a film of many emotions and layers; It was a pleasure to watch the events unfold in this modern fairy tale. Paul Giamatti was one of the main reasons this worke
review/text: I love this movie. I'm sure you already know the basic plot, so I'll spare you a rehash. It is hard to describe how this movie just roped me in; It is a film of many emotions and layers; It was a pleasure to watch the events unfold in this modern fairy tale. Paul Giamatti was one of the main reasons this worke
nce by Craig Bierko who is cute but quite believable as a cutthroat murderer.<br /><br />The music on this film is also good. Part of why I liked it so much is the 70's/80's songs that are used. It's hard to describe the songs, but they just fit really well with this movie.<br /><br />The Long Kiss Goodnight is great fun because it's actually FUNNY.  The humor is intelligent. It's not like some action films where
rector Edgar Wright has created the new touchstone for meta-cinema here, to my eyes, and I'd love it if most films were this smart and sly and self-mocking. There's so much going on in this film it's hard to describe; suffice to say that there's a laugh a minute and at least two nice visual puns in the same time. There's a loving retro vibe that's both uber-ironic and heartfelt, and if you lived through the 80s a
review/text: I've seen this movie dozens of times. It's hard to describe because it's different. It's a mash up of action, comedy and romance. Definitely a must see movie if your a Michael Cera fan.
review/text: I grew up on comic books and video games, and if you did too, then you will love this movie. The movie is very fast pace, often jumping quickly from one scene to the next. Very, very hard to describe what kind of genre this movie falls into. It combines excellent action scenes with off-beat humor all the while pushing along a rather simple romance plot. Just like a comic book, Scott Pilgrim is me
br /><br />Do I give Malick some benefit of the doubt that I might not give to another director? Sure, but still, this is some incredible material. The childhood sequence is so real, so perfect, it's hard to describe. I think there's special resonance if you grew up in the midwest but Malick does a wonderful job of butting the carefree up against the difficulties of adulthood.<br /><br />As with other recent Mali
sen classical music.<br /><br />And if you zoom out far enough, the overall structure of the film is actually a very musical one - you could almost see it as some insane variant on sonata form.  It's hard to describe, but visual themes resurface at various times in the film in ways that feel very similar to recapitulations in music.<br /><br />As I said; not for everyone.  I picked up on this stuff, but I'm a mus
review/text: A total waste of time. The movie is very poor and is a constant disorganized jumble of hard to describe what.
t some of the supporting cast members are more memorable.  There's some good heart pumping action moments in this film.<br />Overall, I thought this would be a great film when it was only good.  It's hard to describe other than I didn't feel every scene overlapped properly, but, since this isn't film school I won't go into the details.  Overall, a good movie and better than most but not "A" quality.  I found the 
ve watched most, if not all of his standup performances available on video, and this one is truly the best. Richard is crude and raunchy, but he speaks the truth that we never talk about! It's really hard to describe how funny this DVD is, because they was just so much material that spanned a lot of subjects. Some of my favorites include Richard's bit about the woods, including a deer and a bear as well his bit a
 />As I got deeper into the film, I realised just how riveted I was at the musical score.  What a tremendous soundtrack!  The drawings, photos, camera sweeps and interviews come alive in a way that's hard to describe, when combined with the music.<br /><br />I was taken aback by the weight of emotion (mostly sadness) that the documentary was able to well up inside of me; there were so many incidents I was unaware
ting into their families and in many cases, their religions.  Here the piece turns a bit, a number of confusing emotions dominate the landscape, things I couldn't begin to understand.<br /><br />It's hard to describe what viewing this film was like-- it could be stunningly touching, horrifying, uplifting, magical.  A really broad base of thoughts have come to mind, not the least of which is that this should be sh
 to describes this movie is Amazing (with a capital "A" get it). Superman II is just an overall amazing movie and still hasn't aged after all of these years. The script is so well written, that it is hard to describe in words. It is just a fan boys dream come true and a movie that fans can watch over and over and never get tired of seeing it.<br /><br />There is just so much emotion that is put into this film, es
review/text: Yes! Finally! I. CANNOT. WAIT. This movie makes those Scary Movies look like doodie. This is so bizarre and out there, it's hard to describe. Sign me up! I doubt the present generation will understand the humor. It's more of an homage to the horror films of the late 70s and early 80s, and is no way slick -- nor does it pay any homage -- t
review/text: Words are hard to describe this masterpiece.  I remember seeing it in the theater (yes, it was actually released!) in sub-zero temperatures here in Michigan.  There were 4 of us in the theater, but we laughed the whole way  th
re. You have to sort of watch the others and this back to back to see the difference. I just find his verbal scenes in this one a lot less satisfying, the Hannibal signature is starting to lack. It's hard to describe.<br /><br />2. The new main character, Edward Norton, is a great actor HOWEVER he does not fit this role nearly as well as his predecessors. He just doesn't have it. He's a fantastic actor in other m
review/text: Jackass the Movie is a great laugh out loud comedy and like i said before for it will make you laugh until it hurts!!!!! It really hard to describe this movie,but it is worth your time and money and after you get done renting the movie you will own this movie for your dvd collection!!!!!!
re. You have to sort of watch the others and this back to back to see the difference. I just find his verbal scenes in this one a lot less satisfying, the Hannibal signature is starting to lack. It's hard to describe.<br /><br />2. The new main character, Edward Norton, is a great actor HOWEVER he does not fit this role nearly as well as his predecessors. He just doesn't have it. He's a fantastic actor in other m
s enjoyed futuristic Sci-Fi - Do not really remember if it appeared in comic form.<br /><br />Have yet to look at disc 2 -- have thoroughly enjoyed the actors concept of their characters - it is very hard to describe the feelings invocked upon seeing that ugly old Alien Queen - the nasty Company that wanted the Alien alive - no matter who has to die in the meantime.<br /><br />Oh Yeah! those guys were in for the 
 It finally hit me one night at blockbuster what I had been neglecting throughout my teenage years, rented Alien and brought it back to my dorm to the delight of my college buddies.<br /><br />  It's hard to describe the terror and tension Ridley Scott creates in this film.  The facehugger and chestburster scenes are truly the stuff nightmares are made of, the kinds of things that make you wake up yelling and swe
, interesting and endearing than the initial impression gives.<br />Even the side characters like Tony the bodyguard come off as being very plausible, likable and multi-faceted.<br /><br />Fantastic, hard to describe experience.
big explosions or lasers.  This is a character driven story with the only face you really see is Sam Rockwell.  A few faces appear on monitors, and you get the voice of Kevin Spacey(very HAL).  It is hard to describe the movie without giving anything away.  Earth has exhausted its resources, but on the moon they can mine Helium-3 which is a great energy source.  Sam is alone on the moon for the last 3 years overs
review/text: It's hard to describe The Canadian Brass without having seen them or heard one of their live performances. Excellent musicians who can also be very funny on stage, and are better live than on record. They play mostly Clas
kes movies once a decade or so. His style of narrative storytelling can be initially jarring, but that's only because his work is so unique when compared to more mainstream Hollywood directors. It is hard to describe what The New World is like. It is essentially the inspiring story of Pocahontas' transformation from old world Native American to new world English lady, but it is so much more than that. Malick does
many people would like to get their hands on.  In his pursuit of Van Meer,  McCrea meets Carol Fisher (Laraine Day) whose father (Herbert Marshall) is  in charge of a world peace organization.  It is hard to describe the movie  without giving away too much of the plot, but the closer McCrea gets to the  truth, the more the enemy tries to eliminate him.  There are the usual  Hitchcock characters who are not what t
ms (Happy Gilmore, Billy Madison, Little Nicky, Click), I found hilarious. I love stupid comedy films (Blades of Glory and Semi-Pro had some great stuff in them) but this was just so bland.<br />It's hard to describe why this film is so bad. Lots of him doing physically incredible things as the Israeli Super Soldier, putting a fish down his swim trunks, catching one in his butt, tying guys into pretzels, just doe
igger and bigger as the episode goes on. It's just so entertaining and the cast do an excellent job in my opinion. One of my favorite episodes was from season one entitled "the Baby Shower." But it's hard to describe my favorite part because there are three subplots for Jerry, Elaine and George. And that's another thing, many times the whole episode feels like a subplot but each subplot is combined together brill
review/text: It's hard to describe a movie like Simon Sez.  I think it's best to liken it to a train wreck: No matter how morbid, you just can't look away.  I find myself bizarrely attracted to this film.  It's just so....bad.  But th
review/text: It's hard to describe this movie - campy, yes, strange, definitely unsettling.  But it's the John Massari score that stands out for me.  I'm pleased to see that the soundtrack for Killer Klowns is now available.  It's wor
so much so that it will spark a new trend in Hollywood. It's not that the feature isn't entertaining, it is. The problem is that it is nothing more then that. The feeling this film leaves you with is hard to describe, so here's the best way one can put it: If you are at a buddy's house for a night with your best friends and the School of Rock is the film of choice, you won't exactly try to weasel everyone out of 
were some great fight scenes, which Matt Damon was quite good in.  The plot was superb with very little/to no holes in it.  It was both intriguing and suspenseful and had and ambiance about it that's hard to describe.  The superb cinematography was partially responsible for this but what I think added to the feel and really brought this movie to life was the musical score!  It did everything a good score does.  I
were some great fight scenes, which Matt Damon was quite good in.  The plot was superb with very little/to no holes in it.  It was both intriguing and suspenseful and had and ambiance about it that's hard to describe.  The superb cinematography was partially responsible for this but what I think added to the feel and really brought this movie to life was the musical score!  It did everything a good score does.  I
ctors. The odd sound effects, and the fact that a large part of the story happens overnight, adds to it all. Just look at the scenery, even in the daylight shots.<br /><br />It's a bizarre film, it's hard to describe, and all I can say, is you have to see it for yourself to see what is meant here. John Belushi plays the straight man to Dan Aykroyd's lunatic, and even though Aykroyd's and Cathy Moriarty's characte
ely, mmmmmmm...), the effects were worthy of an  Academy Award.  Great direction by Proyas (same guy who brought us The  Crow) and a terrific script (which, by the way won a Bram Stoker Award).  It's hard to describe this movie, a little bit of noir, a little bit of  Blade Runner, and a striking resemblance to the Borg of Star Trek: The Next  Generation.  But it's not a Star Trek movie by a longshot.  Eyecatching
 emotion with the Bride, Bill, and B.B., any film lover will relish the opportunity to watch and rewatch this as a classic.  The final act at Bill's place feels so classic and surreal, it's just very hard to describe.  The wide variety of emotions, from anger and longing to love and regret, combined with fantastic Tarantino dialogue and some quick bursts of action, all come together to create an immortal moment i
 passionate about him.  Speaking for myself, it is not because he started Pink Floyd, not because he was part of "swinging London," and not because I think doing acid is cool.  It really is something hard to describe but a bit of the Peter Pan thing.  Within Syd's best work is a very pure, sometimes innocent and other times mischievous, hearkening to childhood.  I'm not talking about the literal subject matter of
he score was used later as a full song on the soundtrack titled "Angel". With NINish drums and a hollow flute like melody this song encapsulates the feel of this movie better than anything else. It's hard to describe exactly how it does, but listen and you might get it. The final scene of the movie is an overhead shot of Mathilda that rises up to the New York skyline. This is accompanied by the song "Shape of My 
>Based on the Cormac McCarthy novel, the Coens do a good job of adapting his material to film. (Much better than Billy Bob did in the past, at least.) It's certainly an odd film to watch (and equally hard to describe), but a powerful one nonetheless. The use of silence in the movie is a testament to how well the Coens understand their craft; rarely do you see any film using silence to this degree pull it off so d
review/text: American History X is very hard to describe into words, for me at least. A white man goes to prison after killing a black man that was trying to steal his fathers car. One catch: the man is part of the local skinhead movement. He's the youth l
 Hong Kong cinema ('boxer' is the closest word to what the Chinese use to describe a martial arts practitioner). The 'boxer's world' concept doesn't have a Western equivilent concept, and is a little hard to describe. Its basically that if you devote your whole life to martial arts and the pursuit of perfection in it, you have no time for 'real world' type of living. Its almost as if you have two different worlds
review/text: This movie is hard to describe.  Very enjoyable, not boring, not an average love story...just great.  Enjoy it!
nce by Craig Bierko who is cute but quite believable as a cutthroat murderer.<br /><br />The music on this film is also good. Part of why I liked it so much is the 70's/80's songs that are used. It's hard to describe the songs, but they just fit really well with this movie.<br /><br />The Long Kiss Goodnight is great fun because it's actually FUNNY.  The humor is intelligent. It's not like some action films where
etter idea of the rhythm of their lives, but not really a better idea of how they live or why they live that way. I see the attraction of the focused lifestyle, but year after year. Wow. The movie is hard to describe. The movie consists of a collection of different snapshots of the lives of the monks, I think using the rhythm of the prayer times and the seasons to pull the snapshots all together. There isn't a na
, and it feels incredible. I have watched this movie more than any other movie and it never gets old. I saw it 15+ times in the theater and watched it many more times on DVD. Saying that, it is still hard to describe this movie. Visually STUNNING, from start to finish each scene is a visual masterpiece, a work of art.  The soundtrack and music compliments the visuals perfectly, and the song of the closing scene i
d the scenery is absolutely amazing. I own the soundtrack to this movie and it is a pure joy to listen to. Especially when I am walking early in the morning. The music is so beautiful. It's litreally hard to describe. It's like listening to sounds from Heaven if Heaven exists.<br /><br />As far as the story goes - We see things from the point of view of various characters. The two main ones being Confederate Gene
review/text: This is one of my favorite movies by Mr. Campbell. It is very similar to quite a few SiFi/Horror flicks of the early and mid sixties. It is hard to describe the fun parts of this movie without going into details and giving some of the good bits away. It is funny only in that special way Mr. Campbell has of making something dark laughable. If you are a fa
, but the lead character's acting as an autistic girl was very.... weird. She came off looking more like a whiny child to me and I found her very annoying when she'd speak. I don't know, it's kind of hard to describe.<br />The movie was fine until she'd start to talk, and then it just didn't hold together.<br /><br />The fight scenes are amazing though, and the premise of the story was pretty good for what it was
ls.<br /><br />Writers Larry Hankin and William Tepper really came with an original story and the meat thing driving the film was really interesting. The script has a very distinct feel to it that is hard to describe but when you see it you will know what I am talking about. Director Jason Ensler really keeps things kinda gritty and realistic and keeps unexpected things happening. The humor of this film is most l
). And this movie certainly sells the same heaping spoonful that everyone has to have someone, even if they settle. I'll give a brief bio of the characters as part of my review as the movie itself is hard to describe otherwise.<br /><br />Ginnifer Goodwin (Gigi) who we know from Big Love, is a delightful person you just want to layer in bubble wrap in hopes to keep her hopeless puppy heart from being broken. She 
s Character.  Lots of flash backs based that give context and depth to his current problem make for a really interesting story.  The movie is certainly a drama with lots of romance interwoven.  It is hard to describe the story without revealing much.  Much of the movie is him pitching, while flashing back to memories of his life with a girlfriend.<br /><br />One thing that I loved, but also kind bother me was Vin
review/text: It's sort of hard to describe this movie.  Put it this way.  I didn't know what in the world I was looking at when I caught Clerks mid-way through in the fall of 1996.  I was in Navy specialty school in Meridian, MS when somebody
lm features an Oscar-Winning screenplay, superb acting from Kate Hudson, Patrick Fugit, and Billy Crudup, and a story you will never forget.  There is so much to appreciate about this film that it is hard to describe it without rambling on and on.  So, bottom line: See this film!
 film doesn't go the way you'd expect with a psychopathic or possessed child. Writer/director Paul Solet is a little more inventive, yet it's his script that is one of the film's weakest points. It's hard to describe what the problem is exactly, as Grace moves at a slow pace yet the film sort of jumps right into the story and begins piling on the twists. It's strange but it doesn't feel like Solet had enough mate
review/text: I actually quite liked this one.  I am a real horrror fan and found this break from the slasher mode to be enjoyable.  It's hard to describe: a bit Rosemary's Baby, Repulsion, It's Alive, maybe some Dracula ... really good though.  A slow pace here, so it's definitely not a thrill or jump per minute.  Nice direction and lighting.  Good pe
ir game.  The score will take you away to a different time.  The story will make you reminiscent and nostalgic of your own youth and your friendships.  This is a movie everyone should see.  Words are hard to describe its sweet pain of loss and life...MTS
review/text: Oh my fu%ing god....what a movie. From the beginning to the end you sit there totally spellbound. I guess It is the sickest movie I have ever seen. I don't know, It's hard to describe....seeing is believing.<br />I have always been a big fan of the horror genre, and especially movies that is something special (Eraserhead, Deranged etc) but this movie reach the top.<p>Love this mov
review/text: Well it's kind of hard to describe this film. It's such a mix of elements that you can't really categorize it. On the one hand it's a romance with great chemistry between Elisabeth Shue and Val Kilmer. On the other hand  it's and acti
/><br />The first thing that people will notice about this film is it's eye-popping visuals. Anyone who has had the pleasure of seeing Mamoru Oshii's film Avalon will be familiar with the style. It's hard to describe exactly, but you'll know it when you see it. Everything has a soft focus, and a noir-ish black and a cool retro, almost black-and-white-but-not-quite tint. Some will say this is to cover up the CGI a
review/text: It's extremely hard to describe this movie in words...this movie is just too good.  Finnaly there is a horror movie for those of us who appreciate "real" horror movies.  I was getting really tired of all the so called horror movies
6'8&quot; since he had to look up to him. Jimmy Stewart's subtle, thoughtful performance gives a surreal quality to a film that feels mostly like a well done stage play, but has an edge to it that is hard to describe and should be experienced by any movie lover or person interested in thinking about life, familiy, and one's view of reality. A must for the DVD collection.
review/text: SMILEY'S PEOPLE continues the series begun in SOLDIER, SAILOR, TINKER, SPY, so do your self a favor and buy them both.  It's hard to describe the plot of this series without giving away clues from the prior series, but suffice it to say, in SP George Smiley continues his "cleanup" of operations at the Circus.<br /><br />Several of the acto
review/text: It is hard to describe MST3K, witty, funny, downright odd, and who was that fat chick anyways, other than the series bad person super stalking weirdo. The premise was insane, the characters campy, the acting horrific, the 
review/text: Much like Lawrence Kasdan's The Big Chill, Still Walking is hard to describe in a single logline.  While it is a family drama that unfolds mostly during the anniversary of the death of the family's eldest son, that's a little like saying that the Big Chill takes place at a fu
review/text: This movie is hard to describe.  It's so funny, it puts me in tears, but it's not a typical comedy like Office Space or Anchorman or Billy Madison or whatever.  I think what strikes me about this movie is that it is so real.  The 
is projected on the rear screens giving the audience the feeling that they are behind Christine and their own reaction is the reaction of the "audience" who just watched her aria from Hannibal.  It's hard to describe but a cool efect.<br /><br />It's also fair to note that these "screens" were necessary given the sheer size of the arena, and in the vastness of the RAH, some consideration had to be made to those i
review/text: Jackass the Movie is a great laugh out loud comedy and like i said before for it will make you laugh until it hurts!!!!! It really hard to describe this movie,but it is worth your time and money and after you get done renting the movie you will own this movie for your dvd collection!!!!!!
red world inside her computer. What she finds ranges from strange cults to a man who claims to be god. As it progresses, lain begins to question her existence, her identity, and her social life. It's hard to describe this series because of the complex plot and strange dialouge. It has an atmosphere of creepiness and sometimes turns out to be philisophical. The animation is great and the plot, although confusing a
ife.  Surprisingly, there is very little gore involved, much less than I had expected.  Zalman King's performance is fairly odd and discordant, along with the delivery of a lot of his dialogue.  It's hard to describe, but I had the feeling he seemed always just of out sync with the film, creating a bizarre element that would normally work against a picture, but here, it seemed to complement the plot as it unravel
them - the reason is much more banal and it sets up a shoot-it-out, chase-em-down final scene. References to Point Break, every western you have ever watched, and even Matrix movies.<br /><br />It is hard to describe this movie except to say this is as unique as Guy Ritchies Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels is - but in different ways. This is a laugh from start to finish. I will never be able to drinnk decaffi
them - the reason is much more banal and it sets up a shoot-it-out, chase-em-down final scene. References to Point Break, every western you have ever watched, and even Matrix movies.<br /><br />It is hard to describe this movie except to say this is as unique as Guy Ritchies Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels is - but in different ways. This is a laugh from start to finish. I will never be able to drinnk decaffi
them - the reason is much more banal and it sets up a shoot-it-out, chase-em-down final scene. References to Point Break, every western you have ever watched, and even Matrix movies.<br /><br />It is hard to describe this movie except to say this is as unique as Guy Ritchies Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels is - but in different ways. This is a laugh from start to finish. I will never be able to drinnk decaffi
nd care about him. Orlando Bloom was perfect as the wimpy and arrogant Paris that you loved to hate. But the showstopper performance would have to go to Eric Bana in his flawless role as Hector. It's hard to describe, you just have to see it.<br /><br />The best scene of the entire movie is the showdown between Achilles and Hector because Peterson directed it in a such a way that the tension is palpable. Also the
e fairy leads her, turning into a green goblin creature, which speaks like Tinkerbell. She meets Fauno inside, who's hiding from the rest of the world, and is a mix of so many different animals, it's hard to describe. She then discovers she's actually a princess, and the princess's soul has been brought back through her. But she has to complete three challenges, in order to see if she belongs with the mortals or 
o everyone, which to me is part of it's appeal.  The Dude, Walter, etc. are all unique and interesting characters in their own funny ways.  Every line seems funnier the more you watch the film.  It's hard to describe, but I recommend everyone see it and you'll either love it or not get it.  But I'm betting most will love it.
since it came out too close to the Columbine shootings. (Honestly which was ridiculous.)<p>Moving on, my review of the movie of course is as biased as the rest. I loved it from beginning to end. It's hard to describe (in a worthwhile way) unless you see it yourself. The plot was told to me by a cousin and I really didn't want to watch it, but not even half the way through the movie I was in love with it, and boug
 on and on about this film but suffice to say that so far I haven't met anyone who didn't find "Raising Arizona" hilarious. And as any great Coen brothers film, it has a certain mythic quality that's hard to describe, but is present all of of the brothers' best efforts. When I was single, I often used Coen brothers films as a barometer of sorts for prospective boyfriends. For instance, I remember seeing "Fargo" o
re. You have to sort of watch the others and this back to back to see the difference. I just find his verbal scenes in this one a lot less satisfying, the Hannibal signature is starting to lack. It's hard to describe.<br /><br />2. The new main character, Edward Norton, is a great actor HOWEVER he does not fit this role nearly as well as his predecessors. He just doesn't have it. He's a fantastic actor in other m
were some great fight scenes, which Matt Damon was quite good in.  The plot was superb with very little/to no holes in it.  It was both intriguing and suspenseful and had and ambiance about it that's hard to describe.  The superb cinematography was partially responsible for this but what I think added to the feel and really brought this movie to life was the musical score!  It did everything a good score does.  I
review/text: Well it's kind of hard to describe this film. It's such a mix of elements that you can't really categorize it. On the one hand it's a romance with great chemistry between Elisabeth Shue and Val Kilmer. On the other hand  it's and acti
review/text: Part drama, part horror, part satire, and part fable.... NO SUCH THING is a movie that is hard to describe but that is engaging to watch. The Monster (played by Robert John Burke) is a tragically moving and thought provoking character and is well balanced by the naively innocent Beatrice (Sarah Polley). T
rs out, gradually recovers, and can't remember a thing. He meets a number of people, most of whom help him in some way or another. He meets a Salvation Army woman and a relationship developes.<p>It's hard to describe this movie. The dialoque is often funny, but delivered absolutely deadpan. There is no excitement, but a rich development of story and relationships through incidents that happen to the lead characte
in the audience didn't get it.  But I've been an outspoken SpongeBob fan for years.  Hell, I'll bet I like the television show even more than my children do -- and they like it a lot.<br /><br />It's hard to describe this film, at least in a way that will do it justice.  Is it great?  In it's own twisted, surreal way, sure.  It's littered with double entendres, to be sure, and a few nautical butt cheeks, too.  I 
review/text: It is hard to describe this movie other than to say it is full of very nice but predictable fight scenes. I'd say one of the only reasons to really watch it is for the amazing special effects seen in sub-zero's brother's i
 If you like seing graphic depictions of arms and legs being broken, then check this out. For all the tai chi style of martial arts I would've expected a hong kong star in the lead role instead.  Its hard to describe the way this production is other than to say it's the type that you'd see direct to video or premium channel. The production is great for what their budget was no doubt.  I still felt like I was shor
review/text: That's the only way to describe this hard to describe film.  Pitt is good, but not great.  Forlani is a welcome site.  Anthony Hopkins deserves the kudos.<p>I saw this film not knowing what to expect.  I wasn't  disappointed.  Pitt's sudden demise early
review/text: The "Tour of the Universe" DVD is so many wonderful things, it's hard to describe.<br /><br />First, it's basically a new Jon Anderson solo album, as most of the songs are new releases. And many are quite good, with the magical celestial vibe we know and love from Jon. As for the 
review/text: They just don't make movies like this anymore.  Maybe because of a lack of great actors like Paul Newman, or maybe because it might not appeal to the main-stream audience.  This movie is hard to describe because so little happens in it, and yet, things are constantly going on.  It seemed a little sluggish to me, but, it kept me entertained at the same time.  Maybe it was made like that to demonstrate
t of business and selling all their stock. With the title and cover, it looked like it would be a good bad movie: cheesy, stupid, and fun to watch. And it was -- except for the "fun".<br /><br />It's hard to describe just how terrible it is. The story makes little sense, even after all the twists are "explained". Nothing any character does seems motivated, despite the fact that the characters sometimes inexplicab
 effects over CGI effects any day.  At least you don't actually see the ghost.  This movie makes you use your imagination and is pretty unpredictable.  This movie has an early '70s feel to it that is hard to describe.  Highly recommended.
t comedy ever". (Yes, there are scenes that u normaly lough at, but u just cant!!!)<br />But this movie is far beyond the sickest, most horifiying and dsturbng movie ever. It is just something that hard to describe!<p>"Funny Games" of Michael Haneke is like "Happy Days" and "Reservoir Dogs" of Tarantino is like "Snow White" when compaired to Salo!!!<p>Technically directing and acting is superior. But there is m
review/text: It's hard to describe the feelings this picture inspires. James Fenimore Cooper's book was one classic I read a couple of times when I was a teenager. The archaic English and the possible improbability of the story never 
ual flair.  From the disturbing mind of Carl which encompasses a rather surprising setpiece involving a horse, to the serene desert of a little boys mind, the sheer staggering beauty of the images is hard to describe.  But on top of this, Tarsem shows an exceptional talent for storytelling also.  He cuts between the search for the missing girl, and &quot;J.Lo&quot; searching the mind of Carl with absolute precisi
the wonderful qualities he was.<br /><br />My review is different than others here.  But all I can say is this is a story that everyone should see as the story itself must be felt inside, and that is hard to describe.  As a work of art, this work astounds.  Nothing can be said except good for the efforts of all.<br /><br />Stunning!
review/text: What is life like in a not too distant future? What we think is good today, can be barbaric tomorrow. It's hard to describe what this movie is about without giving the answer. You better see it to believe it.
eadily - and unbelievably - to temptation. The dialogue as written is good, but the acting is not good enough to really pull it off. There is a somewhat jarring choppiness throughout the movie. It is hard to describe, but the transitions are too quick and the scenes are too short to develop any life or depth. Part of this is due to it being a very short movie. A longer version would also enable better development
review/text: It's extremely hard to describe this movie in words...this movie is just too good.  Finnaly there is a horror movie for those of us who appreciate "real" horror movies.  I was getting really tired of all the so called horror movies
tman is meant to be more hidden.  Dont let those opinions stop you from watching this true work of art.  The film also has some great action scenes and a good chemistry between the actors.  Its quite hard to describe how incredible the film is.  I cant see how the original can ever be said to be better than this.
review/text: movies like this are really hard to describe.<br />people get 'rubbed out&quot; and you love it. two of<br />my favorite actors-gabriel byrne and jeff goldblum-<br />do a geat job but the kudos have to go to the<br />writer and director of the 
re. A car is the star of the film, a very jealous and vengeful one at that. Man, that sounds silly but, if you're reading this you have probably watched the movie so no sense going into details. It's hard to describe the story in a paragraph without it sounding stupid....but it's not. Maybe the quickest way to explain it is that it is about a car that is alive, like a human, and you mess with it, you pay!<br /><b
s enjoyed futuristic Sci-Fi - Do not really remember if it appeared in comic form.<br /><br />Have yet to look at disc 2 -- have thoroughly enjoyed the actors concept of their characters - it is very hard to describe the feelings invocked upon seeing that ugly old Alien Queen - the nasty Company that wanted the Alien alive - no matter who has to die in the meantime.<br /><br />Oh Yeah! those guys were in for the 
 It finally hit me one night at blockbuster what I had been neglecting throughout my teenage years, rented Alien and brought it back to my dorm to the delight of my college buddies.<br /><br />  It's hard to describe the terror and tension Ridley Scott creates in this film.  The facehugger and chestburster scenes are truly the stuff nightmares are made of, the kinds of things that make you wake up yelling and swe
review/text: It's sort of hard to describe this movie.  Put it this way.  I didn't know what in the world I was looking at when I caught Clerks mid-way through in the fall of 1996.  I was in Navy specialty school in Meridian, MS when somebody
review/text: I really enjoyed this movie. I have not seen many Steve McQueen movies to date, but I hope to see more now. Frank Keller won an Oscar for editing for "Bullitt" and I can see why. It's hard to describe what makes great editing, but you know it when you see it. Sometimes a shot will go on a bit longer than you expect it to, and, after viewing the shot, you realize how effective it was. There are sev
review/text: Imagine a Kurosawa film with hip-hop attitude (thanks in part to the absolutely fantastic soundtrack by RZA).  I found it hard to describe for friends in terms of genres; it moves far too slow for an action movie, too much violence and death for a character study; further confused by infrequent touches of comic genius;  it comes off on 
 upcoming play.  She has the tools to be the good half of the Swan Queen but the instructor played by Vincent Cassell is skeptical about Nina's ability to be dark and seductive.  But beyond that it's hard to describe what exactly is going on because it's a very intriguing yet difficult movie to understand and on top of that can take on many different interpretations.  What some people believe is nothing more than
review/text: It's is hard to describe this film in words!!! Everything about this film is amazing, stylish, and plainly eye candy with each action scene eclipsing the last. This film is based on the comic book series called "Sin City", a
ook" different from cut to cut, and while the CG looks great as a background it looks odd when the characters are CG models (everything looks very flat, almost amateurish but with very nice shading - hard to describe). I liked watching the 2.0 cut, but I still love the original.<br /><br />As for the Blu-Ray itself:<br />Video was obviously very nice for the 2.0 version - everything was cleaned up nicely or recre
rth&quot; garnered an unprecedented eight nominations for the Golden Raspberry Awards (the &quot;razzies&quot;).  Having sat through it myself, I can tell you, it is not hard to see why.  It's really hard to describe how incredibly abyssmal &quot;Battlefield Earth&quot; is.  It's a derivative, sloppy, shoddy, implausible nightmare of a film, a train wreck, a riot of bad acting from people who know better.  It's t
 on a stunningly bad performance that's pure comedy gold. He looks like the alien from the Predator films, and he seems to have a bad accent that sounds both American and British simultaneously (It's hard to describe, but you gotta hear it). Oh Forest Whitaker, what are you doing here? You also put on a bad performance, but sadly it's not comical like John Travolta's. For the most part, Barry Pepper is the only p
 than that? The characters are also people you actually care about. Kurt Russell and Spader do an excellent job in the film. Overall, this film is another that to be seen to be believed. It really is hard to describe and has to be seen!
ely, mmmmmmm...), the effects were worthy of an  Academy Award.  Great direction by Proyas (same guy who brought us The  Crow) and a terrific script (which, by the way won a Bram Stoker Award).  It's hard to describe this movie, a little bit of noir, a little bit of  Blade Runner, and a striking resemblance to the Borg of Star Trek: The Next  Generation.  But it's not a Star Trek movie by a longshot.  Eyecatching
ll that said I really liked this and the acting was fantastic. Patton Oswalt was great in this and I hope he gets more work like this character. I recommend this, but unless you have seen "Juno" it's hard to describe the comedy. Overall, a really good comedy that makes you laugh but feels weird when you do. I give it an A-.
review/text: I love this movie. I'm sure you already know the basic plot, so I'll spare you a rehash. It is hard to describe how this movie just roped me in; It is a film of many emotions and layers; It was a pleasure to watch the events unfold in this modern fairy tale. Paul Giamatti was one of the main reasons this worke
equent investigation, it is unfortunate that absolutely everything about this movie is WRONG:<br /><br />*Perhaps 10-15 minutes of the 2 hour-plus film deals with the Black Dahlia, the rest is, well, hard to describe...but the word "camp" does come to mind.  The Black Dahlia herself is sadly virtually ignored here, as is any relation to actual events or reality. This is an incredibly mean-spirited and vicious mis
ely, mmmmmmm...), the effects were worthy of an  Academy Award.  Great direction by Proyas (same guy who brought us The  Crow) and a terrific script (which, by the way won a Bram Stoker Award).  It's hard to describe this movie, a little bit of noir, a little bit of  Blade Runner, and a striking resemblance to the Borg of Star Trek: The Next  Generation.  But it's not a Star Trek movie by a longshot.  Eyecatching
equent investigation, it is unfortunate that absolutely everything about this movie is WRONG:<br /><br />*Perhaps 10-15 minutes of the 2 hour-plus film deals with the Black Dahlia, the rest is, well, hard to describe...but the word "camp" does come to mind.  The Black Dahlia herself is sadly virtually ignored here, as is any relation to actual events or reality. This is an incredibly mean-spirited and vicious mis
tman is meant to be more hidden.  Dont let those opinions stop you from watching this true work of art.  The film also has some great action scenes and a good chemistry between the actors.  Its quite hard to describe how incredible the film is.  I cant see how the original can ever be said to be better than this.
they are revealed in the entire ambience Hitch successfully creates: The dreamy settings entrance you and pull you into their spell; The film's key images haunt you long after the film is over. It is hard to describe the power Vertigo contains: It ought simply to be experienced; Let its themes and images and sounds wash over you.<p>When I am drawn back to the film, it is precisely because of that sense of yearnin
he score was used later as a full song on the soundtrack titled "Angel". With NINish drums and a hollow flute like melody this song encapsulates the feel of this movie better than anything else. It's hard to describe exactly how it does, but listen and you might get it. The final scene of the movie is an overhead shot of Mathilda that rises up to the New York skyline. This is accompanied by the song "Shape of My 
review/text: This is one of my favorite movies by Mr. Campbell. It is very similar to quite a few SiFi/Horror flicks of the early and mid sixties. It is hard to describe the fun parts of this movie without going into details and giving some of the good bits away. It is funny only in that special way Mr. Campbell has of making something dark laughable. If you are a fa
them - the reason is much more banal and it sets up a shoot-it-out, chase-em-down final scene. References to Point Break, every western you have ever watched, and even Matrix movies.<br /><br />It is hard to describe this movie except to say this is as unique as Guy Ritchies Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels is - but in different ways. This is a laugh from start to finish. I will never be able to drinnk decaffi
them - the reason is much more banal and it sets up a shoot-it-out, chase-em-down final scene. References to Point Break, every western you have ever watched, and even Matrix movies.<br /><br />It is hard to describe this movie except to say this is as unique as Guy Ritchies Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels is - but in different ways. This is a laugh from start to finish. I will never be able to drinnk decaffi
them - the reason is much more banal and it sets up a shoot-it-out, chase-em-down final scene. References to Point Break, every western you have ever watched, and even Matrix movies.<br /><br />It is hard to describe this movie except to say this is as unique as Guy Ritchies Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels is - but in different ways. This is a laugh from start to finish. I will never be able to drinnk decaffi
I've read, this remake is even better in the eyes of many.<br /><br />Basically, half the inhabitants of a small town, with a population of 1,260, start killing off family members and neighbors. It's hard to describe what happens next without giving anything away, so I'll just comment on the other aspects. It reminded me a little of 28 Days Later, mainly in the fact that the people are not zombies. They are infec
like Napoleon Dynamite in that it's not a movie for everyone.  It's violent but in a cartoonish way.  Also, it is subtitled and I know some people don't want to have to read subtitles.  It's honestly hard to describe.  It is a kung fu movie and a comedyand a love story and a morality play and a live action cartoon all in one.  It's one of those movies that you will either love or you'll hate.  I loved it!
e decides to choose another, resulting in similar scenarios.  Obviously this is a visual gag, so much will be lost reading about it here.  There's so much overall nuttiness going on in this film it's hard to describe it, but if you dig on zany Three Stooges antics, you'll probably enjoy this feature.  Hardcore film fans may also get a kick out of the film as there's plenty of references to other films, in particu
of the staging, suddenly finding yourself underwater with the Rhinemaidens, and not knowing how you got there. It's a shame that they didn't duplicate the experience I saw being in the audience. It's hard to describe to anyone watching the DVD.<br /><br />The singing, though not really spectacular except for the brilliance of James Morris, Matti Salminen and perhaps Jessye Norman, was more than adequate. Although
 Vienna and Stuttgart, or the godawful Kirov "Ring" at the Met this summer.<br />Siegfried Jerusalem is a fantastic Siegfried, warm, likeable(which is difficult), nuanced, I could go on and on. It is hard to describe how many trainwreck "Siegfried"s I have seen, this one is pretty near perfect.<br />Any live production of "The Ring" is never going to be exactly what you have in mind. Actually, James Levine's cond
review/text: this movie was so messed up from beginning to end. i didn't know what to expect after the opening scene. it's hard to describe the type of dysfunction this movie portrays, but if you have ever seen a crackhead in action arguing with another crackhead, then you might know what to expect. my friend told me about this one and i
twist and turns but there is a problem with it. As much as I enjoy Mamet's work, I'm not a push over for him. I'll call it like I see it. And the final act of the film is slightly disappointing. It's hard to describe without spoiling the film, so my statements may seem vague, but after you've seen the movie you'll unerstand. The resolution to the movie is not handled in the manner I felt it should be. Here we hav
many people would like to get their hands on.  In his pursuit of Van Meer,  McCrea meets Carol Fisher (Laraine Day) whose father (Herbert Marshall) is  in charge of a world peace organization.  It is hard to describe the movie  without giving away too much of the plot, but the closer McCrea gets to the  truth, the more the enemy tries to eliminate him.  There are the usual  Hitchcock characters who are not what t
ly good action movie topic like Alexander the Great, but it was incredibley boring.<br /><br />First of all, the dialogue is awful. And when I say awful, I mean AWFUL. Why is it awful, that's kind of hard to describe. People just randomly arguing with eachother every second for no reason in particular except to add to the drama. As well as this, everything sounds incredibly awkward. no matter what the context. It
d to portray the 40 passengers and crew members are each to be applauded separately (and collectively), in my personal opinion, for their realistic and spot-on performances in this movie. It's really hard to describe how good this whole cast is. All of the performances from the men and women who share this cast roster will move you to tears. The terror on board that aircraft is so real during this movie, it's not
review/text: They just don't make movies like this anymore.  Maybe because of a lack of great actors like Paul Newman, or maybe because it might not appeal to the main-stream audience.  This movie is hard to describe because so little happens in it, and yet, things are constantly going on.  It seemed a little sluggish to me, but, it kept me entertained at the same time.  Maybe it was made like that to demonstrate
n 1945. So there went my theory. I guess what "Mildred Pierce" could be described as is a case of life imatating art. You have to admit, there are connections.<br /><br /> "Mildred Pierce" is kind of hard to describe. I'm afraid, if I haven't already, I'll reveal too much. But considering the fact the movie is considered a classic, many may already know the story. I'm not sure how much I should tell you. Maybe it
 but those that have seen it, say, &quot;Why wasn't this movie more popular?&quot; Maybe it was bad timing, or as some others suggested, just not correctly billed to the public.<p>Last Action Hero is hard to describe. It's funny, it's witty, with lots of those one-liners that Arnold became so popular with, and I loved the way he constantly poked fun at his fictional character as well as his &quot;real&quot; self.
nce by Craig Bierko who is cute but quite believable as a cutthroat murderer.<br /><br />The music on this film is also good. Part of why I liked it so much is the 70's/80's songs that are used. It's hard to describe the songs, but they just fit really well with this movie.<br /><br />The Long Kiss Goodnight is great fun because it's actually FUNNY.  The humor is intelligent. It's not like some action films where
your typical thriller with a twist.  Many things don't work, but plenty of them do.  You have a talented cast, a decent story, and a fair ending that isn't the greatest, but is not a total dud.  It's hard to describe the movie too much without spoiling it.  So I will simply say that a married man decides to have an affair, and that turns out to be the biggest mistake of his life in more ways than one.  This movie
review/text: I really enjoyed this movie. I have not seen many Steve McQueen movies to date, but I hope to see more now. Frank Keller won an Oscar for editing for "Bullitt" and I can see why. It's hard to describe what makes great editing, but you know it when you see it. Sometimes a shot will go on a bit longer than you expect it to, and, after viewing the shot, you realize how effective it was. There are sev
 boasts incredible animation, atmosphere and creativity. Ghost in a shell also has a very crisp and clear sound track and digital effects. <p>GS is quite an interesting movie, which is actually quite hard to describe plotwise without going two pages long :)<br />Its basically the matrix of anime, which has probably been said enough times to be a cliche.<br />Anyhow, be sure to catch this one, it'll be worth youre
 really quick editing and brutal gore. But personally that's not scary, it's just gross. Saw 2 doesn't change this, even though it's admittedly good concept is intact.<br /><br />The Jigsaw Killer is hard to describe as a murderer since he doesn't actually do it, his victims do. Being someone who "saves people's lives", he devises ways where people have to do something painful in order to escape. Most of them don
 but those that have seen it, say, &quot;Why wasn't this movie more popular?&quot; Maybe it was bad timing, or as some others suggested, just not correctly billed to the public.<p>Last Action Hero is hard to describe. It's funny, it's witty, with lots of those one-liners that Arnold became so popular with, and I loved the way he constantly poked fun at his fictional character as well as his &quot;real&quot; self.
, interesting and endearing than the initial impression gives.<br />Even the side characters like Tony the bodyguard come off as being very plausible, likable and multi-faceted.<br /><br />Fantastic, hard to describe experience.
review/text: There was a time when video games were so graphically simple it's hard to describe why they appealed to us.  But they did; we'd never had anything like them.  I know I spent hours putting quarters into astroids and centipede.  The basis of this movie starts here, with Alex, a kid f
 but those that have seen it, say, &quot;Why wasn't this movie more popular?&quot; Maybe it was bad timing, or as some others suggested, just not correctly billed to the public.<p>Last Action Hero is hard to describe. It's funny, it's witty, with lots of those one-liners that Arnold became so popular with, and I loved the way he constantly poked fun at his fictional character as well as his &quot;real&quot; self.
after (literally) forcing her to watch the first episode of Season Two, she was hooked, too.  So we got it for a great price on Amazon and were watching it that weekend.<br /><br />The show itself is hard to describe.  Sure, the shooting is what you really want to see when you first start watching, but after a time you really become invested in the competitors, too.  I hate reality TV, and sometimes the in-house 
 (like many of today's movie trailers out of mainstream Hollywood.)<p>The many themes presented in the movie (war, love, loss, greed, death and revenge) are visited upon us in very subtle ways. It is hard to describe how the filmmakers have done it, without giving away the plot's clincher. The story unfolds slowly at first, drawing a very somber picture of life during the Spanish Civil War in a remote orphanage. 
review/text: I really enjoyed this movie. I have not seen many Steve McQueen movies to date, but I hope to see more now. Frank Keller won an Oscar for editing for "Bullitt" and I can see why. It's hard to describe what makes great editing, but you know it when you see it. Sometimes a shot will go on a bit longer than you expect it to, and, after viewing the shot, you realize how effective it was. There are sev
t comedy ever". (Yes, there are scenes that u normaly lough at, but u just cant!!!)<br />But this movie is far beyond the sickest, most horifiying and dsturbng movie ever. It is just something that hard to describe!<p>"Funny Games" of Michael Haneke is like "Happy Days" and "Reservoir Dogs" of Tarantino is like "Snow White" when compaired to Salo!!!<p>Technically directing and acting is superior. But there is m
 Hong Kong cinema ('boxer' is the closest word to what the Chinese use to describe a martial arts practitioner). The 'boxer's world' concept doesn't have a Western equivilent concept, and is a little hard to describe. Its basically that if you devote your whole life to martial arts and the pursuit of perfection in it, you have no time for 'real world' type of living. Its almost as if you have two different worlds
review/text: This movie is hard to describe.  Very enjoyable, not boring, not an average love story...just great.  Enjoy it!
 on and on about this film but suffice to say that so far I haven't met anyone who didn't find "Raising Arizona" hilarious. And as any great Coen brothers film, it has a certain mythic quality that's hard to describe, but is present all of of the brothers' best efforts. When I was single, I often used Coen brothers films as a barometer of sorts for prospective boyfriends. For instance, I remember seeing "Fargo" o
e background, behind the swishing of the leaves and the twittering of this little bird comes a piano and French horn duet that absolutely fascinated me with it's solemn, haunting mellowness.  <p>It's hard to describe how powerfully the soundtrack melds into the visuals in this version of the classic children's book.  Usually, the soundtrack provides an underpinning for the visuals and tries not to get in the way 
review/text: American History X is very hard to describe into words, for me at least. A white man goes to prison after killing a black man that was trying to steal his fathers car. One catch: the man is part of the local skinhead movement. He's the youth l
 than that? The characters are also people you actually care about. Kurt Russell and Spader do an excellent job in the film. Overall, this film is another that to be seen to be believed. It really is hard to describe and has to be seen!
ual flair.  From the disturbing mind of Carl which encompasses a rather surprising setpiece involving a horse, to the serene desert of a little boys mind, the sheer staggering beauty of the images is hard to describe.  But on top of this, Tarsem shows an exceptional talent for storytelling also.  He cuts between the search for the missing girl, and &quot;J.Lo&quot; searching the mind of Carl with absolute precisi
review/text: My Hime is a little bit hard to describe. It has elements from lots of different anime, so it seems familiar but at the same time easily stands out (rather than being a copy-cat anime).<br /><br />My Hime was released somewhat recently (the
review/text: My Hime is a little bit hard to describe. It has elements from lots of different anime, so it seems familiar but at the same time easily stands out (rather than being a copy-cat anime).<br /><br />My Hime was released somewhat recently (the
review/text: It's sort of hard to describe this movie.  Put it this way.  I didn't know what in the world I was looking at when I caught Clerks mid-way through in the fall of 1996.  I was in Navy specialty school in Meridian, MS when somebody
 but those that have seen it, say, &quot;Why wasn't this movie more popular?&quot; Maybe it was bad timing, or as some others suggested, just not correctly billed to the public.<p>Last Action Hero is hard to describe. It's funny, it's witty, with lots of those one-liners that Arnold became so popular with, and I loved the way he constantly poked fun at his fictional character as well as his &quot;real&quot; self.
maybe he's really terminally depressed and just playing himself onscreen. At any rate, this character is a charmer, and I absolutely love the way Owen plays him. This love triangle is about something hard to describe, but easy to feel if you are familiar. Owen loves the Queen with all his heart, but he knows from the get-go that anything ROMANTIC would only cheapen and weaken her as a person. So he is VERY honore
review/text: DUDE! this movie was AWESOME! it was wicked funny but hard to describe. it was full of surprise and it was cool. u have to pay attention and follow along. U HAVE TO SEE THIS MOVIE!!! only one more thing to say.........................................SHIBBYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!
review/text: This film is uniquely beautiful, especially in high definition.  Its hard to describe it justly, but its almost a visual meditation - no narration or dialog, just a stream of consciousness showing scenes of nature and of mankind, both striking and beautiful.  Its quite a visual feast 
erwards that you truly experienced a global tour.<p>Baraka begins at a rather cautious pace, and as each scene passes by your vision, the intensity and depth slowly but steadily increases. It's a bit hard to describe, but I feel in a way that it causes the viewer to look inward at his/her own view of what the world is about and what life means. In a way, it compells you to ask yourself some deep questions. Make s
 acquire a Blu-ray player.". Most reviews before this date 10-30-08 are most likely for the DVD version. I have a 47 inch LG LCD 1080p tv and a brand new Panasonic DMP-DB35 Blu-ray disk player. It is hard to describe how good this movie looks on my TV. The movie has no dialog and is a series of scenes from around the world set to music. There is no computer animation in this movie but the movie was recorded on 65
story.  A man, who was traumatized as a boy by seeing his mother getting laid by old st. Nick, grows up into believing he is the real, better Santa Clause and can bring good to the world.  Its almost hard to describe exactly what makes this movie so good or what makes this movie so scary.  You really have to see it to believe it.  It takes you on a journey into the mind of a mentally disturbed individual while sh
story.  A man, who was traumatized as a boy by seeing his mother getting laid by old st. Nick, grows up into believing he is the real, better Santa Clause and can bring good to the world.  Its almost hard to describe exactly what makes this movie so good or what makes this movie so scary.  You really have to see it to believe it.  It takes you on a journey into the mind of a mentally disturbed individual while sh
ir game.  The score will take you away to a different time.  The story will make you reminiscent and nostalgic of your own youth and your friendships.  This is a movie everyone should see.  Words are hard to describe its sweet pain of loss and life...MTS
review/text: I think most people believe this movie is good amusing fun.  I actually do believe there is a little more to it.  Its the hard to describe something that seperates the ok movies from the good films. The not so subtle commentary on domestic and suburban life is wittier and more profound than i'd expected.  I came away thinking i'd gotten
like Napoleon Dynamite in that it's not a movie for everyone.  It's violent but in a cartoonish way.  Also, it is subtitled and I know some people don't want to have to read subtitles.  It's honestly hard to describe.  It is a kung fu movie and a comedyand a love story and a morality play and a live action cartoon all in one.  It's one of those movies that you will either love or you'll hate.  I loved it!
e decides to choose another, resulting in similar scenarios.  Obviously this is a visual gag, so much will be lost reading about it here.  There's so much overall nuttiness going on in this film it's hard to describe it, but if you dig on zany Three Stooges antics, you'll probably enjoy this feature.  Hardcore film fans may also get a kick out of the film as there's plenty of references to other films, in particu
om from 1918 to 1939 before that light was extinguished by the invading Germans and then by the Soviets from 1945 until 1989. This movie is one of the best foreign films I have ever watched, but it's hard to describe the feelings you have when you watch the scene of the massacres.
's racing life in a beautiful way. The soundtrack is amazing too and matches this great movie.<br /><br />If you watch it on a morning, your whole day will go thinking about it. It moves you in a way hard to describe.<br /><br />This movie is a must watch for all.
review/text: This film frightened me as a kid, when I first saw it on television, and the images stayed with me for a lifetime. There is a metaphor for pure evil in this film, although I find it hard to describe.<br /><br />The "bad alien" did not have to blast his ray gun at the woman in the swimming pool as she tried to get help. Skeletons don't swim, or float. They quietly sink to the bottom. Brrrrrrrrr!!
review/text: Audrey Hepburn is Holly Golightly. There is and was only one. It is hard to describe the attraction of this film, yet it still captivates me every time I view it. I think it has something to do with the time and place when it was made, a carefree time that exists no longer and a time
t comedy ever". (Yes, there are scenes that u normaly lough at, but u just cant!!!)<br />But this movie is far beyond the sickest, most horifiying and dsturbng movie ever. It is just something that hard to describe!<p>"Funny Games" of Michael Haneke is like "Happy Days" and "Reservoir Dogs" of Tarantino is like "Snow White" when compaired to Salo!!!<p>Technically directing and acting is superior. But there is m
een set with Isolde much more handsomely dressed.  A big yellow sofa splotched with more pink hearts noisily appears, however, only to be thrown upside down by the now seriously stressed tenor.  It's hard to describe how bad he is. Moreover, when the two start to get busy, climbing all over the couch, he takes off her gown to reveal the absurd 1st act wedding dress again!<br /><br />The third act sports what the 
nything but nice people.<br /><br />If you can enjoy a good character-development story and not get too dismayed by a depressing scene or two this movie will reward you with some intangibles that are hard to describe unless you've seen this.<br /><br />Jack Nicholson, David Morse, Angelica Huston and Robin Wright make for an interesting foursome, I'll say that.<br /><br />If you don't like this movie, I would und
e unrestored film stock copied for this edition.<br /><br />Beyond the emulsion's natural grain, the celluloid used by this white label outfit seems to have lost a bit of transparency. Thus there's a hard to describe faint north/south cloudiness that can almost be seen to move with the 24 fps advancement of the film.<br /><br />Dirt spots and white drop-out flecks occur during early reel changes. At such times th
 films that doesn't come along much anymore.  It is not a remake or based loosely off a video game. This film is a smart, creative, original, and beautifully crafted masterpiece.  It's actually quite hard to describe because it is indeed very different.<br /><br />The script itself is largely complex at times.  Many twists and turns leave the viewer wondering what the hell is going on.  This makes The Prestige ve
ually.  Certainly wasn't too hard to look at either!<br /><br />Nolan's directing is so incredible here.  The man puts his heart in his art and it shows 100%.  The way the film is shot is also almost hard to describe because it is absolutely beautiful in every sense of the word.  The lighting and photography go beyond incredible.  The two work together  perfectly creating the slightly dark mood for the film and i
s enjoyed futuristic Sci-Fi - Do not really remember if it appeared in comic form.<br /><br />Have yet to look at disc 2 -- have thoroughly enjoyed the actors concept of their characters - it is very hard to describe the feelings invocked upon seeing that ugly old Alien Queen - the nasty Company that wanted the Alien alive - no matter who has to die in the meantime.<br /><br />Oh Yeah! those guys were in for the 
 It finally hit me one night at blockbuster what I had been neglecting throughout my teenage years, rented Alien and brought it back to my dorm to the delight of my college buddies.<br /><br />  It's hard to describe the terror and tension Ridley Scott creates in this film.  The facehugger and chestburster scenes are truly the stuff nightmares are made of, the kinds of things that make you wake up yelling and swe
the wonderful qualities he was.<br /><br />My review is different than others here.  But all I can say is this is a story that everyone should see as the story itself must be felt inside, and that is hard to describe.  As a work of art, this work astounds.  Nothing can be said except good for the efforts of all.<br /><br />Stunning!
the wonderful qualities he was.<br /><br />My review is different than others here.  But all I can say is this is a story that everyone should see as the story itself must be felt inside, and that is hard to describe.  As a work of art, this work astounds.  Nothing can be said except good for the efforts of all.<br /><br />Stunning!
an say is, it is worth watching, because depending on how you view movies, you may really enjoy this. Basically it is one of those movies that I think you just have to see for yourself, because it is hard to describe how it's great and bad at the same time without you having seen it.
ll that said I really liked this and the acting was fantastic. Patton Oswalt was great in this and I hope he gets more work like this character. I recommend this, but unless you have seen "Juno" it's hard to describe the comedy. Overall, a really good comedy that makes you laugh but feels weird when you do. I give it an A-.
review/text: This movie is visually stunning but it is not intended for those who need constant action.  After a confusing start this movie bloomed into something incredible.  Really hard to describe in words it had such strong spiritual overtones than anyone who has faith will feel more enlightened.<br /><br />This journey begins in 1500 A.D. as the main character is a Spaniard in Ancient Mexico
 on and on about this film but suffice to say that so far I haven't met anyone who didn't find "Raising Arizona" hilarious. And as any great Coen brothers film, it has a certain mythic quality that's hard to describe, but is present all of of the brothers' best efforts. When I was single, I often used Coen brothers films as a barometer of sorts for prospective boyfriends. For instance, I remember seeing "Fargo" o
review/text: I find it a little hard to describe why I like I, Robot so much. I feel drawn to the movie again and again. In a certain fashion, this is typical of the work of Alex Proyas, the director of I, Robot. Alex Proyas is probably best known 
d I came about the SILVERLAKE LIFE THE VIEW FROM HERE DVD. I've never heard of this film, but it was listed in another Amazon customer's review so that brought me here.<br /><br />This documentary is hard to describe with words. It makes you feel so many emotions from sadness to anger to joy to hopefulness to despair. It hits you like a brick and EVERY gay man should see it to get a better understanding of how HI
vie from the first time I saw bits of it in the mid-seventies upon waking up mid-movie while it played on the late late show! For the longest time I didn't know what the movie was called and found it hard to describe it to people when I would try to find an answer. It was such and is still quite the twisted movie! This movie has committed to celluloid a very playful take on the Vampire saga. I wouldn't want to gi
laces, such as shortening a scene of a room being searched by leaving the camera in one place but jumping from 2-second clip to 2-second clip of the actress going through drawers, closets, etc.  It's hard to describe in text, but trust me, you'll know it when you see it.  I honestly thought the disc was damaged the first time it happened.<br /><br />Overall this film is -decent-.  It probably deserves about 2 1/2
r Miyazaki films, it tells its own story by its own rules and requires that you allow yourself "into" an almost alternate universe that coexists with a realistic world. Sorry to be so pithy, but it's hard to describe these films adequately. They need to be experienced.<br /><br />Big name stars perform the dubbed English version and most of them agreed because of their love for the director's previous work.<br />
 the DVD. Either that or my memory is too creative. I remember it as "hilarious". This time it gave me that interior smile.<br /><br />No quality issues with disc.<br /><br />Choose Me is an amazing, hard to describe film. It starts off surreal, then scary, then surprises you with a series of revelations and blends humor into the mix as the viewer is privy to the big picture but the characters are only reacting t
e gone awry films that I have ever seen. Ewen McGregor & Eva Green play two people who happen to meet & fall in love right when a worldwide pandemic occurs that slowly takes away peoples senses. It's hard to describe because I found this movie had romance (but not the mushy sappy kind), a dash of creepiness & sadness because of how the disease affects the human race but also I found it to be a really hopeful movi
e fairy leads her, turning into a green goblin creature, which speaks like Tinkerbell. She meets Fauno inside, who's hiding from the rest of the world, and is a mix of so many different animals, it's hard to describe. She then discovers she's actually a princess, and the princess's soul has been brought back through her. But she has to complete three challenges, in order to see if she belongs with the mortals or 
ll that said I really liked this and the acting was fantastic. Patton Oswalt was great in this and I hope he gets more work like this character. I recommend this, but unless you have seen "Juno" it's hard to describe the comedy. Overall, a really good comedy that makes you laugh but feels weird when you do. I give it an A-.
usual camera-in-the-backseat-looking-over-the-driver's-shoulder shot, but the innovative set up described above allows us to drive along with Hammer AND see most of the cool car's exterior, too. It's hard to describe these shots in a more specific manner, but viewers will notice and appreciate them immediately.<p>4) I liked the mysterious box with the strange, glowing contents that everyone is after. It's creepy 
s enjoyed futuristic Sci-Fi - Do not really remember if it appeared in comic form.<br /><br />Have yet to look at disc 2 -- have thoroughly enjoyed the actors concept of their characters - it is very hard to describe the feelings invocked upon seeing that ugly old Alien Queen - the nasty Company that wanted the Alien alive - no matter who has to die in the meantime.<br /><br />Oh Yeah! those guys were in for the 
 It finally hit me one night at blockbuster what I had been neglecting throughout my teenage years, rented Alien and brought it back to my dorm to the delight of my college buddies.<br /><br />  It's hard to describe the terror and tension Ridley Scott creates in this film.  The facehugger and chestburster scenes are truly the stuff nightmares are made of, the kinds of things that make you wake up yelling and swe
like Napoleon Dynamite in that it's not a movie for everyone.  It's violent but in a cartoonish way.  Also, it is subtitled and I know some people don't want to have to read subtitles.  It's honestly hard to describe.  It is a kung fu movie and a comedyand a love story and a morality play and a live action cartoon all in one.  It's one of those movies that you will either love or you'll hate.  I loved it!
e decides to choose another, resulting in similar scenarios.  Obviously this is a visual gag, so much will be lost reading about it here.  There's so much overall nuttiness going on in this film it's hard to describe it, but if you dig on zany Three Stooges antics, you'll probably enjoy this feature.  Hardcore film fans may also get a kick out of the film as there's plenty of references to other films, in particu
Personally, THE CHURCH speaks to me in terms of what I like to see in a 1980's Horror film.  I'm a child of the late 80's and I tend to gravitate towards the movies of that time period.  It's kind of hard to describe why I like that era the best in terms of Horror, but anyone who's a fan of Robert Englund's interpretation of THE PHANTOM OF THE OPERA or John Carpenter's PRINCE OF DARKNESS knows what I'm talking ab
review/text: Very artistic film dealing with the surreal and dream state.  You know how it's always hard to describe what happens in your dreams?  It seems like one thing lead to another and the two are completely unrelated some times.  That's exactly what happens in this film, but all will make sense at the end.  
d the scenery is absolutely amazing. I own the soundtrack to this movie and it is a pure joy to listen to. Especially when I am walking early in the morning. The music is so beautiful. It's litreally hard to describe. It's like listening to sounds from Heaven if Heaven exists.<br /><br />As far as the story goes - We see things from the point of view of various characters. The two main ones being Confederate Gene
review/text: American History X is very hard to describe into words, for me at least. A white man goes to prison after killing a black man that was trying to steal his fathers car. One catch: the man is part of the local skinhead movement. He's the youth l
review/text: It is hard to describe this movie because it brings out so many emotions. Without going into the story (you can read that already} let me just say, on the negative side, that it was a little difficult to understand in some
like Napoleon Dynamite in that it's not a movie for everyone.  It's violent but in a cartoonish way.  Also, it is subtitled and I know some people don't want to have to read subtitles.  It's honestly hard to describe.  It is a kung fu movie and a comedyand a love story and a morality play and a live action cartoon all in one.  It's one of those movies that you will either love or you'll hate.  I loved it!
e decides to choose another, resulting in similar scenarios.  Obviously this is a visual gag, so much will be lost reading about it here.  There's so much overall nuttiness going on in this film it's hard to describe it, but if you dig on zany Three Stooges antics, you'll probably enjoy this feature.  Hardcore film fans may also get a kick out of the film as there's plenty of references to other films, in particu
ries, sugar plum fairies and intergalactic, Euro Ambiguou ballet interludes.<br /><br />The music is gorgeous, the feeling is timeless (though, it definitely has a late 1970s/early 1980s feel that is hard to describe). This production never fails to simultaneously transport and bewitch me into an almost ethereal haze.
 Hong Kong cinema ('boxer' is the closest word to what the Chinese use to describe a martial arts practitioner). The 'boxer's world' concept doesn't have a Western equivilent concept, and is a little hard to describe. Its basically that if you devote your whole life to martial arts and the pursuit of perfection in it, you have no time for 'real world' type of living. Its almost as if you have two different worlds
review/text: This movie is hard to describe.  Very enjoyable, not boring, not an average love story...just great.  Enjoy it!
re. A car is the star of the film, a very jealous and vengeful one at that. Man, that sounds silly but, if you're reading this you have probably watched the movie so no sense going into details. It's hard to describe the story in a paragraph without it sounding stupid....but it's not. Maybe the quickest way to explain it is that it is about a car that is alive, like a human, and you mess with it, you pay!<br /><b
ham), partners (but not the kind that "hold hands and take windy walks," as Turkish puts it) in running an illegal bare-knuckle boxing ring.<p>What follows is so fast-paced and intertwined that it is hard to describe it. [....] I loved this movie so much that I find it hard to keep it to a minimum when discussing it.  I haven't yet found a review that truly did it justice, and I'm sure I'm not doing much better. 
o everyone, which to me is part of it's appeal.  The Dude, Walter, etc. are all unique and interesting characters in their own funny ways.  Every line seems funnier the more you watch the film.  It's hard to describe, but I recommend everyone see it and you'll either love it or not get it.  But I'm betting most will love it.
e Death Of Superman," one never quite feels the tension. Worse, how Superman comes back from the "dead" was not very creative at all. The explanation was just way too convenient.<br /><br />I find it hard to describe this as a "movie." First, it looked nothing different from the regular animated series on tv, except the awkward need to add cheeckbones to the characters' faces. The same lazy animation of boxy face
review/text: Well, this movie is a bit hard to describe.  Any Muppet Show fans out there?  There are many paralells, which I will get to in a moment, but imagine the muppet show from the aniti-matter dimension and you'll start to get the picture.<br /><br
teresting hip openers, downward dog on toes and downward dog flip outs. Lady M is dressed in a red teddy.  I felt under dressed in my tank top and tights with a sleep bonnet on my head.  The music is hard to describe, but maybe the words slinky, rhythmic and sultry come to mind.  The movement isn't always in time with the music and sometimes she doesn't count so you will need to keep up on your own.  Even if exot
 Ricci compensates for this dismal experience. And it will also appeal to, or not adversely affect, aficionados of torture porn, which  this repulsive piece of junk queasily resembles. Although it is hard to describe without giving away the fairly obvious "twist," "After.life" tells the story of a deranged mortuary director (Neeson) who speaks to the not-yet-dead as they are about to take that great leap into the
review/text: Amores perros is a movie that depicts a specific (3) story of typical lives of society in Mexico city. I really like these movies that will conserve through time the culture that is hard to describe in other arts.<br />must watch for those who love to understand this culture.
review/text: Amores perros is a movie that depicts a specific (3) story of typical lives of society in Mexico city. I really like these movies that will conserve through time the culture that is hard to describe in other arts.<br />must watch for those who love to understand this culture.
review/text: This series is absolutely wonderful.  It is so good that it<br />is hard to describe.  It resembles a "soap opera" of totally<br />unpredictable characters.  The reason, of course, is that they<br />are not humans.<br /><br />Just get the DVD.  You will come to love the various chara
t comedy ever". (Yes, there are scenes that u normaly lough at, but u just cant!!!)<br />But this movie is far beyond the sickest, most horifiying and dsturbng movie ever. It is just something that hard to describe!<p>"Funny Games" of Michael Haneke is like "Happy Days" and "Reservoir Dogs" of Tarantino is like "Snow White" when compaired to Salo!!!<p>Technically directing and acting is superior. But there is m
Personally, THE CHURCH speaks to me in terms of what I like to see in a 1980's Horror film.  I'm a child of the late 80's and I tend to gravitate towards the movies of that time period.  It's kind of hard to describe why I like that era the best in terms of Horror, but anyone who's a fan of Robert Englund's interpretation of THE PHANTOM OF THE OPERA or John Carpenter's PRINCE OF DARKNESS knows what I'm talking ab
g else. It's funny, it's tragic, it's bizzare, it's a hundred things all that once and balances all the elements successfully. It's a film that has to be seen, its effect is visceral and poetic, very hard to describe in traditional 'movie' terms.<p>This film defines the &quot;New Wave&quot; aesthetic, which to this day, some forty years later provides a standard for Quentin Tarantino types to strive for. Films li
 boasts incredible animation, atmosphere and creativity. Ghost in a shell also has a very crisp and clear sound track and digital effects. <p>GS is quite an interesting movie, which is actually quite hard to describe plotwise without going two pages long :)<br />Its basically the matrix of anime, which has probably been said enough times to be a cliche.<br />Anyhow, be sure to catch this one, it'll be worth youre
est she has done in quite some time (a great comeback after the horrible "Stepford Wives" remake) and Sean Penn takes a more laid back approach to his character here and it works to his benefit. It's hard to describe this movie without giving anything away (it has a pretty standard political assassination plot), but if you are the mood for a political thriller which focuses on the character drama just as much as 
 really quick editing and brutal gore. But personally that's not scary, it's just gross. Saw 2 doesn't change this, even though it's admittedly good concept is intact.<br /><br />The Jigsaw Killer is hard to describe as a murderer since he doesn't actually do it, his victims do. Being someone who "saves people's lives", he devises ways where people have to do something painful in order to escape. Most of them don
were jerks, as seen when Par&eacute;'s character shoots an entire homeless family to death just because they couldn't understand English. In Bulgaria. What I said: over-the-top.<br /><br />It's kinda hard to describe the general temperament of the film. On one hand, the director and production team were obviously trying to make "Direct Contact" the most explosive flick Dolph had gunned to in a while, but Lundgren
characters associated with urban streets. Not real world versions of these people, however. Nightmare versions.<br /><br />I could try and get into the plot a bit more specifically, but it's honestly hard to describe. Here's a little: Joey is a mob errand boy who fails to dispose of a gun properly, and neighbor boy Oleg steals it, then proceeds to shoot his crazy father with it. He runs off and Joey has to catch 
review/text: I find it a little hard to describe why I like I, Robot so much. I feel drawn to the movie again and again. In a certain fashion, this is typical of the work of Alex Proyas, the director of I, Robot. Alex Proyas is probably best known 
review/text: It's very hard to describe such a movie, and there's no need of that either, but I can tell you this, if you haven't seen the movie, you must buy this DVD, why? well...the movie is great, Bj&ouml;rk and all the actors perform 
how the climbing scenes could make up for that--but boy they did! As you watch the two climbers battle the brutal conditions you'll be shocked by the primitive equipment they were using in 1936. It's hard to describe just how great and suspensful this movie is--it leaves you speechless at the ending. As one of the workers on the Eiger says to some tourists waiting for the climbers to start their ascent, "Eiger is
usual camera-in-the-backseat-looking-over-the-driver's-shoulder shot, but the innovative set up described above allows us to drive along with Hammer AND see most of the cool car's exterior, too. It's hard to describe these shots in a more specific manner, but viewers will notice and appreciate them immediately.<p>4) I liked the mysterious box with the strange, glowing contents that everyone is after. It's creepy 
nything but nice people.<br /><br />If you can enjoy a good character-development story and not get too dismayed by a depressing scene or two this movie will reward you with some intangibles that are hard to describe unless you've seen this.<br /><br />Jack Nicholson, David Morse, Angelica Huston and Robin Wright make for an interesting foursome, I'll say that.<br /><br />If you don't like this movie, I would und
 expected a horror flick. It is NOT a jaded horror flick about some cheesy 20-something-year-olds in a cabin fighting a serial killer. Instead, it is a much more complex and entertaining story. It is hard to describe it without giving away the plot. Just watch it. Trust me -- you'll probably like it.
n head hand puppet and there is a kill scene that looks eerily realistic.  A young man is stabbed in the stomach with a large bone-cutting knife and instead of a quick cut to another scene..well it's hard to describe but it's the look of resignation on the young mans face about what is happening to him that makes this scene a little unusual.<br /><br />Intruder is not intended for anyone expecting art but in it's
review/text: This movie is hard to describe.  It's a cartoon version of a documentary of surfing penguins.  Because it tries to feel and look like a documentary, it is neither cute nor funny.  So there is no reason to see it.  Some consider it
shots that are crystal clear and rock solid. Which is totally not what I like.  No Exit has a rhythmic shooting and filming style far more appropriate to the music. Cool visual stylizations which are hard to describe but that add power and punch pepper the songs throughout.<br /><br />The best one is in my favourite song, "Rapture"; during the three moments she sings the actual word "rapture" there's this totally
ers in the foreground with an open field of heartland America in the background. I finally got to see HOOSIERS on video and I am sure glad that I did. This is one of my all-time favorite movies. It's hard to describe but this movie is what America is all about. Great performances, photography and a brilliantly emotionally charged score composed by Jerry Goldsmith contribute to the success of this film. One critic
ers in the foreground with an open field of heartland America in the background. I finally got to see HOOSIERS on video and I am sure glad that I did. This is one of my all-time favorite movies. It's hard to describe but this movie is what America is all about. Great performances, photography and a brilliantly emotionally charged score composed by Jerry Goldsmith contribute to the success of this film. One critic
ers in the foreground with an open field of heartland America in the background. I finally got to see HOOSIERS on video and I am sure glad that I did. This is one of my all-time favorite movies. It's hard to describe but this movie is what America is all about. Great performances, photography and a brilliantly emotionally charged score composed by Jerry Goldsmith contribute to the success of this film. One critic
character. In his early life, he's dumb but not that dumb. But through parts of his later life (like the 60's) he's suddenly smart and aware of things, especially after meeting Elvis. Cox is somewhat hard to describe but he's mostly simple and kind, often trying to do the right things for his family and make music, as he loves to do, but often gets caught up in "the Temptations." I guess I'm saying that his chara
tman is meant to be more hidden.  Dont let those opinions stop you from watching this true work of art.  The film also has some great action scenes and a good chemistry between the actors.  Its quite hard to describe how incredible the film is.  I cant see how the original can ever be said to be better than this.
ound absolutely fascinating especially since I had never heard of the cave before even though it's a relatively recent find. The drawings are wonderful to see! Then it turned very peculiar. It's even hard to describe. It's some kind of French new-age speculation about modern mankind connecting with prehistoric artists through these drawings which are "actually" dreams. Was interesting but not worth the money.
br />The very next day after the workout, my hips felt tighter (after all those plies!), and as always with ballet workouts, I felt more balanced. There's an ease of movement that come from it that's hard to describe but is really a joy.  I highly recommend this DVD, and hope Jen Galardi will do many more like this.
review/text: League of Gentlemen is a production that is very hard to describe without making many people to decline to watch on principle.<br />Big mistake.<br />I enjoyed season one very much indeed. It is "an audacious blend of bizarre humor and horror" but that does not ser
review/text: Part drama, part horror, part satire, and part fable.... NO SUCH THING is a movie that is hard to describe but that is engaging to watch. The Monster (played by Robert John Burke) is a tragically moving and thought provoking character and is well balanced by the naively innocent Beatrice (Sarah Polley). T
tice the lack of many of the original Mancini songs in this print (most notably, in the opening shot).<p>This is one of the rare films where none of the characters are &quot;good,&quot; although it's hard to describe any of them as completely &quot;evil,&quot; either.  Each one, even the minor characters, are fully realized and three-dimensional, which bolsters the timelessness of the story and the effectiveness 
review/text: DUDE! this movie was AWESOME! it was wicked funny but hard to describe. it was full of surprise and it was cool. u have to pay attention and follow along. U HAVE TO SEE THIS MOVIE!!! only one more thing to say.........................................SHIBBYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!
since it came out too close to the Columbine shootings. (Honestly which was ridiculous.)<p>Moving on, my review of the movie of course is as biased as the rest. I loved it from beginning to end. It's hard to describe (in a worthwhile way) unless you see it yourself. The plot was told to me by a cousin and I really didn't want to watch it, but not even half the way through the movie I was in love with it, and boug
s Character.  Lots of flash backs based that give context and depth to his current problem make for a really interesting story.  The movie is certainly a drama with lots of romance interwoven.  It is hard to describe the story without revealing much.  Much of the movie is him pitching, while flashing back to memories of his life with a girlfriend.<br /><br />One thing that I loved, but also kind bother me was Vin
review/text: I think most people believe this movie is good amusing fun.  I actually do believe there is a little more to it.  Its the hard to describe something that seperates the ok movies from the good films. The not so subtle commentary on domestic and suburban life is wittier and more profound than i'd expected.  I came away thinking i'd gotten
tman is meant to be more hidden.  Dont let those opinions stop you from watching this true work of art.  The film also has some great action scenes and a good chemistry between the actors.  Its quite hard to describe how incredible the film is.  I cant see how the original can ever be said to be better than this.
review/text: I found this to be a different movie, hard to describe. Their is the young, impulsive love affair, October and Harlin (ed norton). With that, comes the struggle with the father figure Wade (david morse). Also in the mix is Harlin's relationship with the 
review/text: This is a movie that drips with cheese.<br />Silly special effects, basic plot, one dimensional characters.<br /><br />And it's one of my favorite movies of all time.<br /><br />It's hard to describe why I like this movie so much. Maybe it's because I grew up watching Kung Fu Theater as a kid, and so have a special place in my heart for bad effects with guys flying around on wires and the like.<b
e fairy leads her, turning into a green goblin creature, which speaks like Tinkerbell. She meets Fauno inside, who's hiding from the rest of the world, and is a mix of so many different animals, it's hard to describe. She then discovers she's actually a princess, and the princess's soul has been brought back through her. But she has to complete three challenges, in order to see if she belongs with the mortals or 
e as Maxxx Robinson, the adult film director who threatens to ruin Young's life.  Matt Stone steals every scene he is in, but his role should be seen and not discussed (especially since it is sort of hard to describe).  Let us not forget Sancho; what can you say about Sancho except that, well, he is Sancho.  There are also, I should mention, some actual adult film stars in this film - including Ron Jeremy, who is
own, it's a bit too long , and probably would've restored some poignancy. The other thing that I found surprisingly lacking, was it never really felt like Pitt's character was engaging...It's kind of hard to describe, but you never got to see any clever or interesting or unique dialogue that would lead his wife and Swinton's characters to gravitate to him...maybe the idea was they just picked up on his 'specialne
realize you've seen a really good movie. There's lots of symbolism and repeated motifs to pick up so it also stands up well in repeat viewings. I recommend this movie to all my friends. It's a little hard to describe so I pretty much say "just see it and then we'll talk about it".<br /><br />I'm not a movie critic; I'm just critiquing a movie.
review/text: Hard to see just once.... hard to describe..... not a chick flick...... starts out as a small choir and ends in the crescendo of the london symphony banging on your wall..... turn up the sound and bass up in your entertainment center...... an
a hot pink color. Again, let me remind you, this is not your typical action movie.<br /><br />My only major gripe with this film is the very long periods of silence. I know this sounds weird and it's hard to describe what I mean but there are many scenes where Driver and Irene just stare at each other-- or Irene would ask him a question and it would take him forever to answer back. This goes on a lot during the f
review/text: It's hard to describe a movie like Simon Sez.  I think it's best to liken it to a train wreck: No matter how morbid, you just can't look away.  I find myself bizarrely attracted to this film.  It's just so....bad.  But th
review/text: I had the definite fortune of seeing this film for the first time as a midnight show in an actual theater many years ago. I'd been a Beatlemaniac for several years, and it is hard to describe the feeling of actually seeing and hearing live, moving Beatles after seeing b&w stills of the movie for years in magazines, etc.<br />This film remains staunchly in my top 10 movies of all time, bar
review/text: Massacre at Central High is a very interesting film. Not exactly a slasher. Not exactly a high school flick. It's actually very hard to describe the movie. Since others have already done so, I will simply describe the quality of the dvd. It's obviously a vhs transfer and not a very good one at that (I'm referring to the DVD-R). I don't know i
review/text: It's hard to describe just how profound an experience this documentary was for me.<br /><br />It gave me a deep and lasting apprecation not only for our National Parks but for the men and women who created and preserved t
 the DVD. Either that or my memory is too creative. I remember it as "hilarious". This time it gave me that interior smile.<br /><br />No quality issues with disc.<br /><br />Choose Me is an amazing, hard to describe film. It starts off surreal, then scary, then surprises you with a series of revelations and blends humor into the mix as the viewer is privy to the big picture but the characters are only reacting t
s enjoyed futuristic Sci-Fi - Do not really remember if it appeared in comic form.<br /><br />Have yet to look at disc 2 -- have thoroughly enjoyed the actors concept of their characters - it is very hard to describe the feelings invocked upon seeing that ugly old Alien Queen - the nasty Company that wanted the Alien alive - no matter who has to die in the meantime.<br /><br />Oh Yeah! those guys were in for the 
 It finally hit me one night at blockbuster what I had been neglecting throughout my teenage years, rented Alien and brought it back to my dorm to the delight of my college buddies.<br /><br />  It's hard to describe the terror and tension Ridley Scott creates in this film.  The facehugger and chestburster scenes are truly the stuff nightmares are made of, the kinds of things that make you wake up yelling and swe
 Hong Kong cinema ('boxer' is the closest word to what the Chinese use to describe a martial arts practitioner). The 'boxer's world' concept doesn't have a Western equivilent concept, and is a little hard to describe. Its basically that if you devote your whole life to martial arts and the pursuit of perfection in it, you have no time for 'real world' type of living. Its almost as if you have two different worlds
review/text: This movie is hard to describe.  Very enjoyable, not boring, not an average love story...just great.  Enjoy it!
 Hong Kong cinema ('boxer' is the closest word to what the Chinese use to describe a martial arts practitioner). The 'boxer's world' concept doesn't have a Western equivilent concept, and is a little hard to describe. Its basically that if you devote your whole life to martial arts and the pursuit of perfection in it, you have no time for 'real world' type of living. Its almost as if you have two different worlds
review/text: This movie is hard to describe.  Very enjoyable, not boring, not an average love story...just great.  Enjoy it!
s futuristic, with the first episode based on a Las Vegas-style moon and eventually moving to a futuristic Paris later on (though I haven't yet got there in my viewing). The animation style, which is hard to describe, follows its own rules and fits in well with the setting and story. It adds a lot to the atmosphere, as well.<br /><br />I'd recommend this to all Gonzo fans, as it will, I think, turn out to be one 
review/text: This movie is hard to describe.  It's so funny, it puts me in tears, but it's not a typical comedy like Office Space or Anchorman or Billy Madison or whatever.  I think what strikes me about this movie is that it is so real.  The 
o everyone, which to me is part of it's appeal.  The Dude, Walter, etc. are all unique and interesting characters in their own funny ways.  Every line seems funnier the more you watch the film.  It's hard to describe, but I recommend everyone see it and you'll either love it or not get it.  But I'm betting most will love it.
ll understand. For months I was afraid this film would never see the light of day. Disney finally released it last spring to little fanfare, although I managed to catch it, and I dug it a lot.<p>It's hard to describe the twisting, meandering plot -- Tim Allen is an ad exec whose son has to shoot a girl he has a crush on with a water pistol, not knowing that a couple of bumbling hitmen are targeting her stepfather
review/text: This was so far ahead of its time that it is hard to describe.  Ic an see a bunch of stuff from STarwars in this.  The way the Robo-cops act is like the robots in Starwars... etc.<br /><br />Buy it!
ellas and Godfather 1&amp; 2) but I know class when I see it, and this is certainly that. The acting is great with interesting and intricate stories and fine musical scores. Tony is a character thats hard to describe, he tries to combine a fragile family life with the grusome violence of his &quot;job&quot;. With no disrespect to the other actors, Gandolfini is what makes the show so outstanding. This is truly th
review/text: Well it's kind of hard to describe this film. It's such a mix of elements that you can't really categorize it. On the one hand it's a romance with great chemistry between Elisabeth Shue and Val Kilmer. On the other hand  it's and acti
.<br /><br />Don't know what more I can say. Nobody, but NOBODY does erotic films quite like the Japanese. It's so very difficult to pin it down to a few words, but they have a certain quality that's hard to describe. If you're looking for 'spread eagle', Hustler-type spreads, forget it. You won't see that here, or most other Japanese films for that matter. Some folks like it, many do not. If you're unsure, then 
 between two individuals cuts to a second set of characters fighting. These two are momentarily seperated and one of the combatants from the first fight stumbles backwards between them. In print it's hard to describe, but on film it brings a sense of connection to scenes that are really utter chaos. It allows the action to go non-stop without boring or confusing the viewer. And that makes the chaos so much more d
review/text: This is one of my favorite movies by Mr. Campbell. It is very similar to quite a few SiFi/Horror flicks of the early and mid sixties. It is hard to describe the fun parts of this movie without going into details and giving some of the good bits away. It is funny only in that special way Mr. Campbell has of making something dark laughable. If you are a fa
IQ6">Mad Men - Season One</a> has completely changed the way I view TV.  I generally watch things at random and don't watch a lot of shows consistently.  This is a show worth changing that for.  It's hard to describe what makes this show such a rare event in TV.  Somebody had the vision to put a show on TV that has something to say and is as raw, honest and true to the period it is based on.  I, for one, am grate
eadily - and unbelievably - to temptation. The dialogue as written is good, but the acting is not good enough to really pull it off. There is a somewhat jarring choppiness throughout the movie. It is hard to describe, but the transitions are too quick and the scenes are too short to develop any life or depth. Part of this is due to it being a very short movie. A longer version would also enable better development
review/text: It is really hard to describe this movie, but I will try. According to Joseph Pistone, this movie is about 95% true. This movie is based on the experience of Joseph D. Pistone. In this movie he is played by Jonny Depp. Joseph wor
in the audience didn't get it.  But I've been an outspoken SpongeBob fan for years.  Hell, I'll bet I like the television show even more than my children do -- and they like it a lot.<br /><br />It's hard to describe this film, at least in a way that will do it justice.  Is it great?  In it's own twisted, surreal way, sure.  It's littered with double entendres, to be sure, and a few nautical butt cheeks, too.  I 
 fighting machines makes them look like they are doing the Funky Chicken. But the acme is reached in the Thunderchild scene.<br />This is where a British Naval ships battles the Martian Tripods. It's hard to describe just how bad this scene is. Let's just say that The Flying Saucers in Ed Wood's "Plan Nine From Outer Space" now have competition for the most ridiculous special effects of all time. If Hines had  ta
artians hits the nail right on the head. Being lazy and letting things happen, which is Wells' intended point, is not missed by this film.<br /><br />The special effects are not commonplace. They are hard to describe in the way Andy Warhol's work is hard to describe. The martian walking tripods will make you feel uneasy with their freakish erratic and sometimes seeming unwieldy movements.<br /><br />The musical s
review/text: I bought both of his DVDs and gave them away and had to buy another set for my library. It is hard to describe how funny Dunham and his characters are.
n 1080p High Definition, we get a 7.1 DTS-HD Master Audio lossless soundtrack which sounds incredible!  Just the fact that the film looks and sounds better is significant.  The colors just pop!  It's hard to describe of how awesome this film looks on Blu-ray compared to previous video releases.  In the past, there was always this dreamy, hazy look to the film.  Though it was colorful, I have always thought that w
 than that? The characters are also people you actually care about. Kurt Russell and Spader do an excellent job in the film. Overall, this film is another that to be seen to be believed. It really is hard to describe and has to be seen!
realize you've seen a really good movie. There's lots of symbolism and repeated motifs to pick up so it also stands up well in repeat viewings. I recommend this movie to all my friends. It's a little hard to describe so I pretty much say "just see it and then we'll talk about it".<br /><br />I'm not a movie critic; I'm just critiquing a movie.
review/text: Hard to see just once.... hard to describe..... not a chick flick...... starts out as a small choir and ends in the crescendo of the london symphony banging on your wall..... turn up the sound and bass up in your entertainment center...... an
a hot pink color. Again, let me remind you, this is not your typical action movie.<br /><br />My only major gripe with this film is the very long periods of silence. I know this sounds weird and it's hard to describe what I mean but there are many scenes where Driver and Irene just stare at each other-- or Irene would ask him a question and it would take him forever to answer back. This goes on a lot during the f
lso have emotional gravity (and increase the sense of danger) through their severity (Hikaru in particular gets slashed, torn-up, and is bleeding by the end of some of them).<br /><br /> The music is hard to describe. Is is quite good, but strangely seems to alternate between synthesizer music which is re-used to the point where it might be over-used, and fantastic orchestral sweeping fanfare that is incredibly i
 came time to track down this film I would have gotten confused between Mike Myers and Peter Sellers and who knows who all else.  But Heather Graham is hard to miss.  If you haven't seen Kumare, it's hard to describe what makes the two movies so similar, considering this is supposed to be a fiction film and the new movie a a documentary but basically both of them are young, handsome Indian guys who decide to pose
 came time to track down this film I would have gotten confused between Mike Myers and Peter Sellers and who knows who all else.  But Heather Graham is hard to miss.  If you haven't seen Kumare, it's hard to describe what makes the two movies so similar, considering this is supposed to be a fiction film and the new movie a a documentary but basically both of them are young, handsome Indian guys who decide to pose
review/text: It is really hard to describe this movie, but I will try. According to Joseph Pistone, this movie is about 95% true. This movie is based on the experience of Joseph D. Pistone. In this movie he is played by Jonny Depp. Joseph wor
i-fi sleeper &quot;This Island Earth&quot;  We watch them as they watch the movie, ad-libbing the entire script.  The original dialogues are left in, so the result is a text within a text.  A concept hard to describe, and even harder not to enjoy.
review/text: It is hard to describe The Room by Tommy Wiseau.  The best thing I can tell you is to watch this movie.  It is one of the most interesting movies I have ever watched...The acting is something that has to be taken in fully 
review/text: Weird acting makes this movie. It is hard to describe, but the main characters funny accent and poor word choice is enjoyable. Watch the clips on youtube, and if you want to see it try renting it. I bought it because I couldn't find a place to rent it. 
ountry music writer Ken Sutherland. This is a B-ish movie with a bit of language and grittiness, but more depth than you might think for its kind. I would give it a PG rating. It's a unique movie and hard to describe. Points and emotions of the storyline are well developed, and while Savannah and family are reunited at the end, the ending is kind of unclear. Disgusted by her husband's self absorption, Savannah's 
ms (Happy Gilmore, Billy Madison, Little Nicky, Click), I found hilarious. I love stupid comedy films (Blades of Glory and Semi-Pro had some great stuff in them) but this was just so bland.<br />It's hard to describe why this film is so bad. Lots of him doing physically incredible things as the Israeli Super Soldier, putting a fish down his swim trunks, catching one in his butt, tying guys into pretzels, just doe
hat space into Neo and Smith getting it on in some way shape or form. The screenplay should have been revised from the start instead of plowing so much money into the Zion action sequence. It is very hard to describe what an utter disappointment this film was. It could possibly be one of worst mega-budget pictures ever made. Fans will feel downright conned. Those who are looking for popcorn fodder will probably f
hat space into Neo and Smith getting it on in some way shape or form. The screenplay should have been revised from the start instead of plowing so much money into the Zion action sequence. It is very hard to describe what an utter disappointment this film was. It could possibly be one of worst mega-budget pictures ever made. Fans will feel downright conned. Those who are looking for popcorn fodder will probably f
ith this one?  When I hear Tazz and Cole talk about Heidenreich is giving Taker a run for his money, I don't see that on the screen.  Heidenreich's a weird character, and his in-ring performances are hard to describe.  I guess I just can't buy that Taker would have such a hard time putting this particular opponent away.  Not a bad match, but Heidenreich needs a little tune-up before The Undertaker can make him fa
ith this one?  When I hear Tazz and Cole talk about Heidenreich is giving Taker a run for his money, I don't see that on the screen.  Heidenreich's a weird character, and his in-ring performances are hard to describe.  I guess I just can't buy that Taker would have such a hard time putting this particular opponent away.  Not a bad match, but Heidenreich needs a little tune-up before The Undertaker can make him fa
, interesting and endearing than the initial impression gives.<br />Even the side characters like Tony the bodyguard come off as being very plausible, likable and multi-faceted.<br /><br />Fantastic, hard to describe experience.
review/text: Trees Lounge is hard to describe because it doesn't really stick to one specific genre.  The reason it doesn't stick to one specific genre is because it doesn't really do much of *anything*.  Plot development?  Yeah... if you wanna 
is only the first in a series of unexpected twists and discoveries leading to a graphically violent climax. Movie villian Stephen Dorff gives a brutal turn as the boss who hires the duo. This film is hard to describe because it's not just a crime story.  The storytelling is fresh and engaging. There is as much sensuality as their is violence in the film. If you are a fan of offbeat artsy crime adventures like The
, starring Jake Gyllenhaal, Jamie Foxx, and Peter Sarsgaard, concerns a Marine Corps unit preparing to be deployed during the first Persian Gulf war in 1991. This movie fails on so many points, it is hard to describe where to begin. The script and story are inconsistent, murky, and unoriginal, with most of Jarhead's theme taken from earlier psychotic military epics such as Apocalypse Now and Full Metal Jacket. Th
rprising stars like Tom Cruise and Julianne Moore wouldn't hesitate to work in this movie.  All of the characters were so well realized, that there wasn't a single storyline that left me bored.  It's hard to describe Anderson's genius in words, but all it takes is one look at his work to see it.  Look at this, Boogie Nights and Punch Drunk Love in particular for a unique movie making style.  I wish he'd churn out
and how to correct mistakes. He also shows alternatives methods for the steps that allow it like using soap and oil or eggs as replacements for brains. He also shows all of the little things that are hard to describe in words like how the hide should look at the end of each step or how much pressure to use when stretching the hide.  I can't wait to get out and try making buckskin again!<br /><br />I have seen sim
 the most ingenious, original, refreshing horror films ever. Psychologically disturbing, supernaturally haunting, and bloody and violent and grotesque in the most brilliant way.<br /><br />It is very hard to describe this film without giving away any of the plot, and some on here have done that (or have tried), and to do so would ruin the film for those who haven't seen it. For the whole point of the film is the 
one of the most ingenious, original, refreshing horror films ever. Psychologically disturbing, supernaturally haunting, and bloody and violent and grotesque in the most brilliant way.<br />It is very hard to describe this film without giving away any of the plot, and some on here have done that (or have tried), and to do so would ruin the film for those who haven't seen it. For the whole point of the film is the 
m will give those with open minds a chance to see what life would have been like for one loyally serving in such a military to realize that there is only one solution and to be willing to act.  It is hard to describe Stauffenberg as a hero but after watching this true to life film, it is difficult not to as well.
were some great fight scenes, which Matt Damon was quite good in.  The plot was superb with very little/to no holes in it.  It was both intriguing and suspenseful and had and ambiance about it that's hard to describe.  The superb cinematography was partially responsible for this but what I think added to the feel and really brought this movie to life was the musical score!  It did everything a good score does.  I
 Raimi drives everything with his unique direction that places the action somewhere between a horror and a cartoon. It has great camera work, frantic shots and a real flair for the unreal; it is very hard to describe but it can be seen it many of his films.<br /><br />Campbell's ongoing cult status has only been helped recently by Bubba Ho-tep but this is where it basically began and part II only sees his continu
ound absolutely fascinating especially since I had never heard of the cave before even though it's a relatively recent find. The drawings are wonderful to see! Then it turned very peculiar. It's even hard to describe. It's some kind of French new-age speculation about modern mankind connecting with prehistoric artists through these drawings which are "actually" dreams. Was interesting but not worth the money.
e, and of course the seduction - wonderful scenes, even if taken in isolation. Bowie and Deneuve, promising "forever," put an additional chill into the first scene of his coffin.<br /><br />I find it hard to describe this movie - the action is subdued but meaningful. The visual styling has subtlety, something I appreciate more after seeing other movies that lack it.<br /><br />I like this one. I have trouble sayi
review/text: I saw this movie with my best friend in the theater when I was 13 years old. I loved it then and I've never forgotten it. Recently I streamed it twice on netflix. It is hard to describe this film. It is funny and sad and deeply moving.<br />While masquerading as a light comedy, this film is actually very deep and profound. What they face at the end of the movie is not just Moriarty,
review/text: It's hard to describe the effect that first seeing this movie had on me the first time I saw it five years ago, but it's something that's sucks with me at the very least.<br /><br />This was the first bit of UY I ever saw
review/text: Imagine a Kurosawa film with hip-hop attitude (thanks in part to the absolutely fantastic soundtrack by RZA).  I found it hard to describe for friends in terms of genres; it moves far too slow for an action movie, too much violence and death for a character study; further confused by infrequent touches of comic genius;  it comes off on 
 juevenile prison camp in a desert in Texas. Those who like the book are almost sure to enjoy the movie. However, those who have never read the book will probably enjoy the movie as well. The film is hard to describe because it is such a hybrid of so many different things. It is both a chain-gang film (like COOL HAND LUKE) and a buddy picture, with elements of a Western thrown in. The acting is solid and the soun
 juevenile prison camp in a desert in Texas. Those who like the book are almost sure to enjoy the movie. However, those who have never read the book will probably enjoy the movie as well. The film is hard to describe because it is such a hybrid of so many different things. It is both a chain-gang film (like COOL HAND LUKE) and a buddy picture, with elements of a Western thrown in. The acting is solid and the soun
>Based on the Cormac McCarthy novel, the Coens do a good job of adapting his material to film. (Much better than Billy Bob did in the past, at least.) It's certainly an odd film to watch (and equally hard to describe), but a powerful one nonetheless. The use of silence in the movie is a testament to how well the Coens understand their craft; rarely do you see any film using silence to this degree pull it off so d
o say much more as it may give too much away.<br /><br />Overall, a great movie.  I would have loved to have seen more Alec baldwin, but his character is very memorable in the movie.<br /><br />It is hard to describe, the movie was good but watched very much so like a play (which makes sense because it was based off of a play).<br /><br />I would say if you are into drama and liked Wall Street (the movie is about
 juevenile prison camp in a desert in Texas. Those who like the book are almost sure to enjoy the movie. However, those who have never read the book will probably enjoy the movie as well. The film is hard to describe because it is such a hybrid of so many different things. It is both a chain-gang film (like COOL HAND LUKE) and a buddy picture, with elements of a Western thrown in. The acting is solid and the soun
review/text: Any Given Sunday (DVD) is a &quot;pro&quot; football film experience that is hard to describe in typed words. I have watched it many times and affirm that it really gets one &quot;ready for some football&quot;. The story is a collection of mini-stories, all woven into the tapestry of professi
review/text: Any Given Sunday (DVD) is a &quot;pro&quot; football film experience that is hard to describe in typed words. I have watched it many times and affirm that it really gets one &quot;ready for some football&quot;. The story is a collection of mini-stories, all woven into the tapestry of professi
review/text: This is a 2005 Bollywood movie about a range of important environmental and sociopolitical issues. It's hard to describe its pitch as they have tried to keep it light for wide appeal while addressing some important issues. It isn't an art house movie but nor is it exactly a light and fluffy piece. It is more realistic 
review/text: Today, it is probably hard to describe how brilliant "Phantasm" seemed in its year of release:  quite simply, there was nothing else like it in the American cinema.  "Phantasm" is literally a dream put on film; the fact that Don Coscarell
t movies you have ever seen. If you work in an office enviroment, or work in the IT sector this movie is the best. You'll particularly like the gangland beating of the office printer. <p>The story is hard to describe, but if I had to I would say that it's the story of a man on his quest to do nothing... absolutely nothing. <p>I recommend this movie if you are between 14 and 50. A little younger could watch it but
/><br />The first thing that people will notice about this film is it's eye-popping visuals. Anyone who has had the pleasure of seeing Mamoru Oshii's film Avalon will be familiar with the style. It's hard to describe exactly, but you'll know it when you see it. Everything has a soft focus, and a noir-ish black and a cool retro, almost black-and-white-but-not-quite tint. Some will say this is to cover up the CGI a
t of business and selling all their stock. With the title and cover, it looked like it would be a good bad movie: cheesy, stupid, and fun to watch. And it was -- except for the "fun".<br /><br />It's hard to describe just how terrible it is. The story makes little sense, even after all the twists are "explained". Nothing any character does seems motivated, despite the fact that the characters sometimes inexplicab
is brilliant in his triple role as the U.S. President, Dr. Strangelove, and Mandrake. George C. Scott also tops the cake in his over-the-top caricature of the Pattonesque General Buck Turgidson. It's hard to describe all of the nuances of this film on such a short review: you have to see it for yourself. Although the film will certainly have more of an impact on those who are old enough to remember the Cold War a
r. This is not toilet humor. This is dark political humor that's incredibly ironic and satirical. There are so many classic scenes ("Be careful, Mr. President. I think he's drunk."), that it's simply hard to describe all of them in just one review. Straight to the point, this is one of Stanley Kubrick's greatest films, and one of the greatest comedies of all time. It has a great ensemble of actors (Sellers, Scott
review/text: It's hard to describe the remarkable consistency in this tribute concert.  From the special composition by Ravi Shankar, to the gratuitous British humor of Monty Python, to the wonderful collection of songs assembled by E
e fairy leads her, turning into a green goblin creature, which speaks like Tinkerbell. She meets Fauno inside, who's hiding from the rest of the world, and is a mix of so many different animals, it's hard to describe. She then discovers she's actually a princess, and the princess's soul has been brought back through her. But she has to complete three challenges, in order to see if she belongs with the mortals or 
review/text: The "Tour of the Universe" DVD is so many wonderful things, it's hard to describe.<br /><br />First, it's basically a new Jon Anderson solo album, as most of the songs are new releases. And many are quite good, with the magical celestial vibe we know and love from Jon. As for the 
ath of least resistance, and he bigamously marries Maude! The situation turns into a comedy of errors as Rob tries to balance two marriages, and inevitable it all comes crashing down.<br /><br />It's hard to describe this movie. On one hand it is a very funny movie, one that keeps you laughing almost all the way through. On the other hand, it is not really disrespectful of the subject of bigamy. You know Rob is g
, interesting and endearing than the initial impression gives.<br />Even the side characters like Tony the bodyguard come off as being very plausible, likable and multi-faceted.<br /><br />Fantastic, hard to describe experience.
ose. First of all, it has sets by David Hockney; these were the first Hockney sets after his extraordinarily successful 'The Rake's Progress' sets inspired by Hogarth's etchings. The 'Flute' sets are hard to describe because they borrow from all sorts of artistic periods and styles. There are Baroque cloud-mobiles (for the Three Boys), Picasso-esque cartoons, and Egyptian influences all over the place. (Indeed, t
review/text: Trees Lounge is hard to describe because it doesn't really stick to one specific genre.  The reason it doesn't stick to one specific genre is because it doesn't really do much of *anything*.  Plot development?  Yeah... if you wanna 
review/text: It is hard to describe this movie other than to say it is full of very nice but predictable fight scenes. I'd say one of the only reasons to really watch it is for the amazing special effects seen in sub-zero's brother's i
itchcock. Hitch himself was disappointed with the film and later noted that "it's just another manhunt story wrapped in pseudo-psychology".<br /><br />The story is so confused and confusing that it's hard to describe. Gregory Peck (1916-2003) plays a doctor suffering from amnesia who impersonates another doctor who turns out to be a man whom Peck thinks he killed, but in fact it's the old doctor (Leo G. Carroll) 
review/text: I find it a little hard to describe why I like I, Robot so much. I feel drawn to the movie again and again. In a certain fashion, this is typical of the work of Alex Proyas, the director of I, Robot. Alex Proyas is probably best known 
 between two individuals cuts to a second set of characters fighting. These two are momentarily seperated and one of the combatants from the first fight stumbles backwards between them. In print it's hard to describe, but on film it brings a sense of connection to scenes that are really utter chaos. It allows the action to go non-stop without boring or confusing the viewer. And that makes the chaos so much more d
 between two individuals cuts to a second set of characters fighting. These two are momentarily seperated and one of the combatants from the first fight stumbles backwards between them. In print it's hard to describe, but on film it brings a sense of connection to scenes that are really utter chaos. It allows the action to go non-stop without boring or confusing the viewer. And that makes the chaos so much more d
review/text: They just don't make movies like this anymore.  Maybe because of a lack of great actors like Paul Newman, or maybe because it might not appeal to the main-stream audience.  This movie is hard to describe because so little happens in it, and yet, things are constantly going on.  It seemed a little sluggish to me, but, it kept me entertained at the same time.  Maybe it was made like that to demonstrate
ve watched most, if not all of his standup performances available on video, and this one is truly the best. Richard is crude and raunchy, but he speaks the truth that we never talk about! It's really hard to describe how funny this DVD is, because they was just so much material that spanned a lot of subjects. Some of my favorites include Richard's bit about the woods, including a deer and a bear as well his bit a
 place. When the engine roars and cars explode into flames it isn't silly, it's movie magic of the best kind, like when Luke's X-Wing lands that shot into the Death Star in Star Wars.<br /><br />It's hard to describe without actually seeing it for yourself, but the cartoon universe of Speed Racer really is created wonderfully in this film. Everything from the sky to the furniture has an over-exposed super-vivid q
review/text: THis movie is nuts. There is so much going on here it's hard to describe. A great story coupled witha fantastic cast makes this one of my favorite movies. It's basically a 70's slapstick movie, and if you like those you will love this. Movies such as &quot;the great Race,
l!<p>The acting is breathtakingly intense, the structure of the film is professionally carried through to perfection, and the threads just fit together in a beautiful symphony of life!<p>It really is hard to describe something this well-done, so instead I will just recommend you to see this wonderful Woody Allen creation.
g else. It's funny, it's tragic, it's bizzare, it's a hundred things all that once and balances all the elements successfully. It's a film that has to be seen, its effect is visceral and poetic, very hard to describe in traditional 'movie' terms.<p>This film defines the &quot;New Wave&quot; aesthetic, which to this day, some forty years later provides a standard for Quentin Tarantino types to strive for. Films li
 idiot savant, rather than a highly intelligent man acting a fool to disarm his opponents.  Amy is sometimes so stupid I want to strangle her.  The episodes themselves have lost something that I find hard to describe, but that was, it seemed to me, and integral part of what made Doctor Who what it was.  While it is interesting and fun to see ties between episodes now and then, this season is nothing but ties back
he movie was great as well as the sounds effects were great also.<br /><br />the other con to the movie was the film angle of the zombies or how should i put it they zipped them in and out persay its hard to describe once you see the movie youll know what i mean.<br /><br />now the other con is the zombies themselves before i saw land of the dead i thought resident evil zombies were great and made perfect but whe
m with Resident Evil Apocalypse is that the camera views are awful.When you watch a fight seen you want to see the fight at a good angle and on many different angles.The views were so bad it's almost hard to describe them  but think about seeing a fight seen and the whole time the camera's focused on the person's chest the entire fight there's kicking and punching but you can't see much of the kicking or punching
review/text: Loved this movie and completely recommend it.  It's a little hard to describe...it's pretty wild, and can't really think of any other movie to compare it to, but it's absolutely worth watching.  I didn't know what to expect before watching it, but I'm a big fan of both Val Kil
 emotion with the Bride, Bill, and B.B., any film lover will relish the opportunity to watch and rewatch this as a classic.  The final act at Bill's place feels so classic and surreal, it's just very hard to describe.  The wide variety of emotions, from anger and longing to love and regret, combined with fantastic Tarantino dialogue and some quick bursts of action, all come together to create an immortal moment i
e; this is NOT a science fiction movie at heart, but an intense and accurate look at humanity.<br /><br />So accurate, really, that it makes me feel like a new person  after every time I see it; it's hard to describe, but it's as if for a brief period of time, I see everything in the world clearly and know exactly where my role is.<br /><br />Everything in this movie actually DOES make sense. I've watched it thre
t movies you have ever seen. If you work in an office enviroment, or work in the IT sector this movie is the best. You'll particularly like the gangland beating of the office printer. <p>The story is hard to describe, but if I had to I would say that it's the story of a man on his quest to do nothing... absolutely nothing. <p>I recommend this movie if you are between 14 and 50. A little younger could watch it but
e thing is actually one that's intentional involving ex-Monkee Mickey Dolenz.<br /><br />The effects are the standard SyFy channel poorly done CGI that we've all come to expect from them. I mean it's hard to describe just how bad these are done. I'm assuming that some 13 year old with a PC that's older than he is worked hard to make these graphics but he still needs to work on them. Is it any wonder that people m
 Hong Kong cinema ('boxer' is the closest word to what the Chinese use to describe a martial arts practitioner). The 'boxer's world' concept doesn't have a Western equivilent concept, and is a little hard to describe. Its basically that if you devote your whole life to martial arts and the pursuit of perfection in it, you have no time for 'real world' type of living. Its almost as if you have two different worlds
review/text: This movie is hard to describe.  Very enjoyable, not boring, not an average love story...just great.  Enjoy it!
review/text: For me, paprika film was a reccomendation from a close friend, a not so hard core fan of anime, but still a good films lover. Not many words about it. It's hard to describe what's all about with Paprika without being a plot spoiler, but if yoou liked Inception you will definitely like Paprika. It's all about dreaming, and trying to find out what a dream means... and som
review/text: I was able to watch the beginning of this film but I couldn't finish the rest and I finally got to see it.  I can only say that this film is a crazy wild ride.  Very hard to describe but you'll be amazed if you like sci-fi films.  I agree that Hollywood would never make such a daring film, not because of the money, but because of the creativity needed to create something like thi
Making of.." documentary in which one meets the main actors thirty years after and sees the immense scale of the production.<br /><br />These beautifully made films draw one in, for reasons which are hard to describe. The muted brown lighting, the inane conversations, the extravagance and romanticism of the characters, the spasms of violence and sex, bits of crazy thinking, the early political conflicts of the Co
 the DVD. Either that or my memory is too creative. I remember it as "hilarious". This time it gave me that interior smile.<br /><br />No quality issues with disc.<br /><br />Choose Me is an amazing, hard to describe film. It starts off surreal, then scary, then surprises you with a series of revelations and blends humor into the mix as the viewer is privy to the big picture but the characters are only reacting t
of architecture to the human body..<br />The strange thought provoking nature of this film combined with the striking visuals make it all very satisfying - and at the same time a puzzle which is very hard to describe... It certainly has made me curious to check out more of greenaway's films...
review/text: I would rate this a 5, but just because it made me cry a little it is hard to do so. I like that this is geared for adults. It is a good mix between serious and funny. It is very hard to describe this movie, so I suggest to just watch it.
above all else something of an experiment in narrative structure.. the movie begins curiously as a pseudo-documentary and ends as an absurd fictional account of a relationship in a communist country (hard to describe actually)... The film is also to my way of thinking highly comic.. there is a certain bunuel like surrealism particularly in the last scenes which almost explodes accross the screen in high contrast 
review/text: This is one of my favorite movies by Mr. Campbell. It is very similar to quite a few SiFi/Horror flicks of the early and mid sixties. It is hard to describe the fun parts of this movie without going into details and giving some of the good bits away. It is funny only in that special way Mr. Campbell has of making something dark laughable. If you are a fa
CGI can never achieve. Even the tiny flaws and mistakes -- like the uneven movement of fur and sometimes even the fleeting fingerprints of the animators -- add an element of emotional realism that is hard to describe in words alone.  The mind knows the puppet is not alive but the eye and heart appreciate the art to such a degree that one is filled with astonishment and affection at this hand-crafted art.  This is
 but those that have seen it, say, &quot;Why wasn't this movie more popular?&quot; Maybe it was bad timing, or as some others suggested, just not correctly billed to the public.<p>Last Action Hero is hard to describe. It's funny, it's witty, with lots of those one-liners that Arnold became so popular with, and I loved the way he constantly poked fun at his fictional character as well as his &quot;real&quot; self.
review/text: It's hard to describe this film. It's kind of like Dawn of the Dead meets Leave It To Beaver. A little campy but twas meant to be. Just the opening educational newsreel shown in the school classroom is worth the price of 
laces, such as shortening a scene of a room being searched by leaving the camera in one place but jumping from 2-second clip to 2-second clip of the actress going through drawers, closets, etc.  It's hard to describe in text, but trust me, you'll know it when you see it.  I honestly thought the disc was damaged the first time it happened.<br /><br />Overall this film is -decent-.  It probably deserves about 2 1/2
tman is meant to be more hidden.  Dont let those opinions stop you from watching this true work of art.  The film also has some great action scenes and a good chemistry between the actors.  Its quite hard to describe how incredible the film is.  I cant see how the original can ever be said to be better than this.
tman is meant to be more hidden.  Dont let those opinions stop you from watching this true work of art.  The film also has some great action scenes and a good chemistry between the actors.  Its quite hard to describe how incredible the film is.  I cant see how the original can ever be said to be better than this.
review/text: It is really hard to describe this movie, but I will try. According to Joseph Pistone, this movie is about 95% true. This movie is based on the experience of Joseph D. Pistone. In this movie he is played by Jonny Depp. Joseph wor
o navigate my way back to me.  In this dvd, the energy is quite different from some of their other dvd's. There is a substantial feeling of power, of truth, exuberance coming from Abraham. It's a bit hard to describe, but it can be felt.<br /><br />  Abraham's dedication to giving a multitude of ways to look at an issue always brings enlightenment, understanding and a feeling of freedom, especially a feeling of p
review/text: There was a time when video games were so graphically simple it's hard to describe why they appealed to us.  But they did; we'd never had anything like them.  I know I spent hours putting quarters into astroids and centipede.  The basis of this movie starts here, with Alex, a kid f
review/text: This was such a piece of [film] it's hard to describe.  I bought it based on the cover, thought I was getting a 'kung fu' flick, you know lots of choreographed fights, etc.  It was just a [bad] bunch of meaningless stuff strung together and called a mov
were some great fight scenes, which Matt Damon was quite good in.  The plot was superb with very little/to no holes in it.  It was both intriguing and suspenseful and had and ambiance about it that's hard to describe.  The superb cinematography was partially responsible for this but what I think added to the feel and really brought this movie to life was the musical score!  It did everything a good score does.  I
 /><br />This is Nimoy's motion picture directorial debut, and he performs solidly enough, though there are a few moments here and there where it simply feels like there's something ... missing. It's hard to describe.<br /><br />That's not to say it isn't worth a watch. If you plan on seeing Star Treks II and IV, this is a must see. But there are also some scenes that are just superbly done. The scene breaking Mc
s enjoyed futuristic Sci-Fi - Do not really remember if it appeared in comic form.<br /><br />Have yet to look at disc 2 -- have thoroughly enjoyed the actors concept of their characters - it is very hard to describe the feelings invocked upon seeing that ugly old Alien Queen - the nasty Company that wanted the Alien alive - no matter who has to die in the meantime.<br /><br />Oh Yeah! those guys were in for the 
 It finally hit me one night at blockbuster what I had been neglecting throughout my teenage years, rented Alien and brought it back to my dorm to the delight of my college buddies.<br /><br />  It's hard to describe the terror and tension Ridley Scott creates in this film.  The facehugger and chestburster scenes are truly the stuff nightmares are made of, the kinds of things that make you wake up yelling and swe
 and close of their own accord. But the oddest thing of all is that there are also two mannequins that seem to come to life and laugh crazily at the terrified man as he tries to escape the room. It's hard to describe this scene in writing and make it sound impressive, as it's a very ordinary room, and the mannequins are not even convincingly alive, more like rigged to move about like spook models in a cheap theme
nce by Craig Bierko who is cute but quite believable as a cutthroat murderer.<br /><br />The music on this film is also good. Part of why I liked it so much is the 70's/80's songs that are used. It's hard to describe the songs, but they just fit really well with this movie.<br /><br />The Long Kiss Goodnight is great fun because it's actually FUNNY.  The humor is intelligent. It's not like some action films where
review/text: Jackass the Movie is a great laugh out loud comedy and like i said before for it will make you laugh until it hurts!!!!! It really hard to describe this movie,but it is worth your time and money and after you get done renting the movie you will own this movie for your dvd collection!!!!!!
review/text: Any Given Sunday (DVD) is a &quot;pro&quot; football film experience that is hard to describe in typed words. I have watched it many times and affirm that it really gets one &quot;ready for some football&quot;. The story is a collection of mini-stories, all woven into the tapestry of professi
 guy had asked about her, she doesn't know what to do - and so she winds up acting like "a total geek" every time he's around.<br /><br />There are so many other little story lines going on that it's hard to describe it all here.  Suffice it to say that there are many hysterical moments - where you laugh till your cheeks hurt - and many others where your heart goes out to this "poor teen".  It brings back SOoooo 
review/text: Any Given Sunday (DVD) is a &quot;pro&quot; football film experience that is hard to describe in typed words. I have watched it many times and affirm that it really gets one &quot;ready for some football&quot;. The story is a collection of mini-stories, all woven into the tapestry of professi
rovide a diverse cross section of America.  There is a Vietnamese immigrant trying to build a better life, a content middle class couple, a destitute loner, a successful academician, and (this one is hard to describe, but I'll be nice) a working class guy who made good as a local hero.  Each story has its highs and lows.  Most approached the windfall with a fair amount of caution as they were thrust into the nati
provide a diverse cross section of America. There is a Vietnamese immigrant trying to build a better life, a content middle class couple, a destitute loner, a successful academician, and (this one is hard to describe, but I'll be nice) a working class guy who made good as a local hero. Each story has its highs and lows. Most approached the windfall with a fair amount of caution as they were thrust into the nation
review/text: If you like Buckethead, and want to learn more about his early years you should get this one, and Vol 1 as well. Kinda hard to describe, but if you're a buckethead fan, then you already know.<br />[...]
, interesting and endearing than the initial impression gives.<br />Even the side characters like Tony the bodyguard come off as being very plausible, likable and multi-faceted.<br /><br />Fantastic, hard to describe experience.
 Raimi drives everything with his unique direction that places the action somewhere between a horror and a cartoon. It has great camera work, frantic shots and a real flair for the unreal; it is very hard to describe but it can be seen it many of his films.<br /><br />Campbell's ongoing cult status has only been helped recently by Bubba Ho-tep but this is where it basically began and part II only sees his continu
 am crazy, crazy about the Monkees and have been for 45 years. This film, though it did poorly in its day, is great. It's strange, but it's funny!! It's a little bit of everything from the 1960's and hard to describe because there is no plot. I think the Monkees were making some statements, mainly about the perils of fame and celebrity, and the way they were derided and insulted by the media at the time. They pok
 not; only because the more you watch the more unbelievable it gets; the more you want it to end. Because it is so incredibly acted by all it's characters you really become engrossed in a way that is hard to describe. First, you can't believe that people could just do something so evil, so incredibly mean spirited- yet we know that happens every day.  People are missing every day; do you really think those people
make sense, that didnt' quite fit Obama's history. This connects the loose ends. The research done is deep, not sure how the author found all this.<br /><br />You have to see the whole video, and its hard to describe it to someone who has no background info on this. But you will be amazed if you just sit down and let it soak in. This is like the missing middle puzzle piece that makes all the other pieces fit. Thi
n 1080p High Definition, we get a 7.1 DTS-HD Master Audio lossless soundtrack which sounds incredible!  Just the fact that the film looks and sounds better is significant.  The colors just pop!  It's hard to describe of how awesome this film looks on Blu-ray compared to previous video releases.  In the past, there was always this dreamy, hazy look to the film.  Though it was colorful, I have always thought that w
D BEEN PUT TO DEATH BY THE NAZI'S!"  Subsequently through unrelenting research Simon was blessed when he found that his wife had survived and they were reunited. Later you are saddened again in a way hard to describe, when Simon and his wife decide to have a child, and realize that the child will never have a Grandmother, Grandfather, or any Aunts of Uncles. Simon said he couldn't bring himself to tell his daught
 emotion with the Bride, Bill, and B.B., any film lover will relish the opportunity to watch and rewatch this as a classic.  The final act at Bill's place feels so classic and surreal, it's just very hard to describe.  The wide variety of emotions, from anger and longing to love and regret, combined with fantastic Tarantino dialogue and some quick bursts of action, all come together to create an immortal moment i
twist and turns but there is a problem with it. As much as I enjoy Mamet's work, I'm not a push over for him. I'll call it like I see it. And the final act of the film is slightly disappointing. It's hard to describe without spoiling the film, so my statements may seem vague, but after you've seen the movie you'll unerstand. The resolution to the movie is not handled in the manner I felt it should be. Here we hav
ely, mmmmmmm...), the effects were worthy of an  Academy Award.  Great direction by Proyas (same guy who brought us The  Crow) and a terrific script (which, by the way won a Bram Stoker Award).  It's hard to describe this movie, a little bit of noir, a little bit of  Blade Runner, and a striking resemblance to the Borg of Star Trek: The Next  Generation.  But it's not a Star Trek movie by a longshot.  Eyecatching
review/text: I took my 7 year old son to see this movie today, and there was a point in the movie where I had "that feeling."  This is a feeling I don't often get watching a movie.  It is hard to describe it, but I know that the next time, and every other time I see that spot in the film, this thrill will return.  The last time I got that thrill was when I saw "Fellowship of the Ring," and I got to th
, interesting and endearing than the initial impression gives.<br />Even the side characters like Tony the bodyguard come off as being very plausible, likable and multi-faceted.<br /><br />Fantastic, hard to describe experience.
 "The Children of Paradise" is filmed in the theaters --- and, especially "Crime Boulevard" in front of the theaters. The main female character is Garance (Arletty), a former "courtesan" --- actually hard to describe her, except that she is beautiful and very kind.  The main male character is the mime Baptiste, played by Jean-Louis Barrault, who is madly in love with Garance.<br /><br />By the end of this film, B
 on and on about this film but suffice to say that so far I haven't met anyone who didn't find "Raising Arizona" hilarious. And as any great Coen brothers film, it has a certain mythic quality that's hard to describe, but is present all of of the brothers' best efforts. When I was single, I often used Coen brothers films as a barometer of sorts for prospective boyfriends. For instance, I remember seeing "Fargo" o
s enjoyed futuristic Sci-Fi - Do not really remember if it appeared in comic form.<br /><br />Have yet to look at disc 2 -- have thoroughly enjoyed the actors concept of their characters - it is very hard to describe the feelings invocked upon seeing that ugly old Alien Queen - the nasty Company that wanted the Alien alive - no matter who has to die in the meantime.<br /><br />Oh Yeah! those guys were in for the 
 It finally hit me one night at blockbuster what I had been neglecting throughout my teenage years, rented Alien and brought it back to my dorm to the delight of my college buddies.<br /><br />  It's hard to describe the terror and tension Ridley Scott creates in this film.  The facehugger and chestburster scenes are truly the stuff nightmares are made of, the kinds of things that make you wake up yelling and swe
 than that? The characters are also people you actually care about. Kurt Russell and Spader do an excellent job in the film. Overall, this film is another that to be seen to be believed. It really is hard to describe and has to be seen!
review/text: This movie is really hard to describe. First of all, Michael Caine did a  fine job but his performance didn't strike me as oscar caliber. Secondly,  the movie seemed a bit to preachy about the pros and cons of abortion.  Third, the sex s
review/text: This film is incredible.  Not because it is good, but because it is so horribly bad.  And its very clear that they didn't mean it to be so bad.  Its hard to describe exactly what is so bad about it.  its actually a very well made movie. (except for the boom in the shot in one of the first scenes)  The acting is actually not very bad, I've seen much worse in TV sh
review/text: First of all, don't catch this on tv.  Rent it or buy it so you can see the R rated version so the entire effect can be had from this extremely hard to describe movie.  Comedy, Horror, Urban Fairy Tale with a Moral?  You'll have to watch and figure out for yourself.  Personally I think there's all of the above in this movie but the Horror parts stick out the
ruders in a house that seems to never end.  Part haunted house yarn, part mad dog chase, and lets not forget "Flowers in the Attic" on acid, blend with a near zombie-like teenage movie.  The movie is hard to describe, but there isn't one nearly like it.  It is Wes Craven's most original work, and to cast a drag queen as the leading lady is so John Waters!  Also stars a young Ving Rhames, who now has gone full cir
an I say? The 1998 version is light years ahead not for the more advanced computer technology, but the script is simply fantastic. I have read it several times. The acting is so much better that it's hard to describe. Lindsay Lohan is wonderful, enchanting, adorable. Dennis Quaid and the rest of the cast outshine everybody combined in the original release. <p>It is touching, uplifting. Every time I watch this fil
 who wants to be lovable, but whose seriously twisted family background makes that impossible.<p>Angela Lansbury steals this movie, however, as the ultimate &quot;mother-from-hell&quot;<p>The plot is hard to describe in brief, but it involves Harvey, a Communist conspiracy and Harvey's red-baiting inebriate of a stepfather, played by James Gregory with a not-subtle resemblance to Joe McCarthy.<p>This film works b
 loving commemoration includes lush music, fantastic singing, astute comedic performances, an entertaining narration, and plenty of supplementary visual material.  It is a stage show that is somewhat hard to describe as it seems both straightforward in presentation while structurally succeeding on a number of different levels.  This personal history is accessible and fun despite its serious moments, and Tilson Th
n 1945. So there went my theory. I guess what "Mildred Pierce" could be described as is a case of life imatating art. You have to admit, there are connections.<br /><br /> "Mildred Pierce" is kind of hard to describe. I'm afraid, if I haven't already, I'll reveal too much. But considering the fact the movie is considered a classic, many may already know the story. I'm not sure how much I should tell you. Maybe it
review/text: It is hard to describe this movie other than to say it is full of very nice but predictable fight scenes. I'd say one of the only reasons to really watch it is for the amazing special effects seen in sub-zero's brother's i
picting the lives of the characters brought this viewer right into the era. The cinematography was outstanding taking what looked old (and should have) using creative styles of the present. I find it hard to describe, so you be the judge.<br /><br />If you are looking for a action movie, you will not find it here. This film ropes you into the mind and lives of the famed Jesse James and Robert Ford. An inside look
you require duels, shootouts, guns a blazin' and horses kicking up the dust..skip this movie. Don't get me wrong, I like all that as much as the next guy, but you won't find it here.<br /><br />It is hard to describe this film, part western, a little documentary, melancholy (a little Larry McMurtry), stirring, slow at times but emotionally moving, carefully crafted tension, and again, great music that carries the
review/text: DUDE! this movie was AWESOME! it was wicked funny but hard to describe. it was full of surprise and it was cool. u have to pay attention and follow along. U HAVE TO SEE THIS MOVIE!!! only one more thing to say.........................................SHIBBYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!
g else. It's funny, it's tragic, it's bizzare, it's a hundred things all that once and balances all the elements successfully. It's a film that has to be seen, its effect is visceral and poetic, very hard to describe in traditional 'movie' terms.<p>This film defines the &quot;New Wave&quot; aesthetic, which to this day, some forty years later provides a standard for Quentin Tarantino types to strive for. Films li
re. A car is the star of the film, a very jealous and vengeful one at that. Man, that sounds silly but, if you're reading this you have probably watched the movie so no sense going into details. It's hard to describe the story in a paragraph without it sounding stupid....but it's not. Maybe the quickest way to explain it is that it is about a car that is alive, like a human, and you mess with it, you pay!<br /><b
review/text: I really enjoyed this movie. I have not seen many Steve McQueen movies to date, but I hope to see more now. Frank Keller won an Oscar for editing for "Bullitt" and I can see why. It's hard to describe what makes great editing, but you know it when you see it. Sometimes a shot will go on a bit longer than you expect it to, and, after viewing the shot, you realize how effective it was. There are sev
rth&quot; garnered an unprecedented eight nominations for the Golden Raspberry Awards (the &quot;razzies&quot;).  Having sat through it myself, I can tell you, it is not hard to see why.  It's really hard to describe how incredibly abyssmal &quot;Battlefield Earth&quot; is.  It's a derivative, sloppy, shoddy, implausible nightmare of a film, a train wreck, a riot of bad acting from people who know better.  It's t
 on a stunningly bad performance that's pure comedy gold. He looks like the alien from the Predator films, and he seems to have a bad accent that sounds both American and British simultaneously (It's hard to describe, but you gotta hear it). Oh Forest Whitaker, what are you doing here? You also put on a bad performance, but sadly it's not comical like John Travolta's. For the most part, Barry Pepper is the only p
ham), partners (but not the kind that "hold hands and take windy walks," as Turkish puts it) in running an illegal bare-knuckle boxing ring.<p>What follows is so fast-paced and intertwined that it is hard to describe it. [....] I loved this movie so much that I find it hard to keep it to a minimum when discussing it.  I haven't yet found a review that truly did it justice, and I'm sure I'm not doing much better. 
review/text: This is one of the most beautifully photographed movies ever.  It has a moody, atmospheric quality that is hard to describe; almost dreamlike in places. The storyline is fairly straightforward at first, but then becomes convoluted as the movie increasingly digresses into tangential areas including a fair amount of Weird A
). And this movie certainly sells the same heaping spoonful that everyone has to have someone, even if they settle. I'll give a brief bio of the characters as part of my review as the movie itself is hard to describe otherwise.<br /><br />Ginnifer Goodwin (Gigi) who we know from Big Love, is a delightful person you just want to layer in bubble wrap in hopes to keep her hopeless puppy heart from being broken. She 
review/text: I had the definite fortune of seeing this film for the first time as a midnight show in an actual theater many years ago. I'd been a Beatlemaniac for several years, and it is hard to describe the feeling of actually seeing and hearing live, moving Beatles after seeing b&w stills of the movie for years in magazines, etc.<br />This film remains staunchly in my top 10 movies of all time, bar
review/text: That's the only way to describe this hard to describe film.  Pitt is good, but not great.  Forlani is a welcome site.  Anthony Hopkins deserves the kudos.<p>I saw this film not knowing what to expect.  I wasn't  disappointed.  Pitt's sudden demise early
o everyone, which to me is part of it's appeal.  The Dude, Walter, etc. are all unique and interesting characters in their own funny ways.  Every line seems funnier the more you watch the film.  It's hard to describe, but I recommend everyone see it and you'll either love it or not get it.  But I'm betting most will love it.
 haunting with great light and shadow filming very atmospheric vampire film this Black and white film is better than most color vampire films it gives the film a very eerie feeling of quality that is hard to describe if you never seen this you are in for a treat see what a master film maker can do with a great horror movie this has to be one of the best horror films I have seen there are some nice classic horror 
 that the text becomes easily dissected.  To me this is neither a plus or minus since Shakespeare's choice of wording is deliberately melodic and a joy to hear or read in any context.<br /><br />It's hard to describe the story without inferring subtext.  But the point is that this film is for those that enjoy modern translations of Shakespeare - this is full of great actors, beautiful cinematic scenes, and well t
review/text: It's hard to describe the remarkable consistency in this tribute concert.  From the special composition by Ravi Shankar, to the gratuitous British humor of Monty Python, to the wonderful collection of songs assembled by E
formance as well. The opening sequence alone is worth a viewing  of this movie.  It is the greatest opening sequence I've ever seen, rivaled  only by the one from Raiders of the Lost Ark..maybe. It's hard to describe  with any one word. Watch this film and I think you will be hard put to find  another western that comes even close to being this suspenseful, moody, or  entertaining.
 appear to have had any compression applied.  The dynamic range of the recording is awesome.<br /><br />To put it mildly, Nana Mouskouri is a very classy woman. She exudes a charisma on stage that is hard to describe.  She can be mesmerizing (as in her passionate delivery of "Kathe Trello Pedi").  She has performed about 200 concerts per year every year since around 1960.  In this concert both she and her superb 
d the scenery is absolutely amazing. I own the soundtrack to this movie and it is a pure joy to listen to. Especially when I am walking early in the morning. The music is so beautiful. It's litreally hard to describe. It's like listening to sounds from Heaven if Heaven exists.<br /><br />As far as the story goes - We see things from the point of view of various characters. The two main ones being Confederate Gene
so much so that it will spark a new trend in Hollywood. It's not that the feature isn't entertaining, it is. The problem is that it is nothing more then that. The feeling this film leaves you with is hard to describe, so here's the best way one can put it: If you are at a buddy's house for a night with your best friends and the School of Rock is the film of choice, you won't exactly try to weasel everyone out of 
in Christmas town. He was looking at everything with wonder, the snow, the elves, presents, and even Santa Clause. Later he comes back to Halloween Town to tell everyone about what he saw. But it was hard to describe.  After many expirements with Christmas he decides he wants to kidnapp Santa clause and become Santa himself. He changes his image and brings Christmas to Halloween.<br /><br />This is a great film. 
ountry music writer Ken Sutherland. This is a B-ish movie with a bit of language and grittiness, but more depth than you might think for its kind. I would give it a PG rating. It's a unique movie and hard to describe. Points and emotions of the storyline are well developed, and while Savannah and family are reunited at the end, the ending is kind of unclear. Disgusted by her husband's self absorption, Savannah's 
ee what a hard nosed manager Miles Copeland is and maybe why there was a rift between his brother Stewart ( drummer for The Police)and Sting. Egos were definitely at play here.<br /><br />This DVD is hard to describe as it has so much too it. I can only tell you I will now finally part with the VHS tape now that it is out on DVD. By it, and see why music is the universal language and how much fun it is to be in a
r) looks great.  The best description of the character designs I can think of is that they're sterile--they really lack life, especially Priss.  They aren't ugly, but there is something missing; it's hard to describe.<p>In addition to the character designs, the characters themselves are not terribly appealing in these first 4 episodes.  Nene is childish and silly; the little we see of Sylia suggests she is flight
lot of intentionally shaky, disjointed and highly distracting camera work (fake cinema-verite) which is quite simply irritating, particularly as it is coupled with an equally annoying narrative. It's hard to describe this narrative which sounds as if the narrator is trying to play the role of a tough guy instead of simply delivering a factual audio track. The whole thing reeks of being a cheap and quick knock off
those who have not read the novel will probably not understand its significance.  Then the movie ends.<br /><br />Yet another highlight of this movie is its music.  In a word, it's--beautiful.  It is hard to describe but I might call it "quiet new age."  This music seems to heighten the emotion experienced in each scene.<br /><br />Finally, you don't have to read the novel to understand this movie.  However, if y
review/text: It's hard to describe a movie like Simon Sez.  I think it's best to liken it to a train wreck: No matter how morbid, you just can't look away.  I find myself bizarrely attracted to this film.  It's just so....bad.  But th
. Lucky me the band also played several numbers after the showing. What a treat!!!<br /><br />If you have never been fortunate enough to see Dread Clampitt in person this is the next best thing. It's hard to describe their style of play. Bluegrass with some rock and roll, country, blues all throw together for an infectuous mix. A great blend that will have you tapping your feet and wanting more.<br /><br />If you
review/text: This film frightened me as a kid, when I first saw it on television, and the images stayed with me for a lifetime. There is a metaphor for pure evil in this film, although I find it hard to describe.<br /><br />The "bad alien" did not have to blast his ray gun at the woman in the swimming pool as she tried to get help. Skeletons don't swim, or float. They quietly sink to the bottom. Brrrrrrrrr!!
review/text: I saw this movie with my best friend in the theater when I was 13 years old. I loved it then and I've never forgotten it. Recently I streamed it twice on netflix. It is hard to describe this film. It is funny and sad and deeply moving.<br />While masquerading as a light comedy, this film is actually very deep and profound. What they face at the end of the movie is not just Moriarty,
e Death Of Superman," one never quite feels the tension. Worse, how Superman comes back from the "dead" was not very creative at all. The explanation was just way too convenient.<br /><br />I find it hard to describe this as a "movie." First, it looked nothing different from the regular animated series on tv, except the awkward need to add cheeckbones to the characters' faces. The same lazy animation of boxy face
review/text: This is my favourite American film of all time. The imagery, acting, soundtrack, all were flawless. It's hard to describe what I found so appealing, you'd really have to see it.<br />Unlike many drug movies, you'd notice how nothing is glamourised, just strikingly honest. There are real consequences for everyone. The ma
 boasts incredible animation, atmosphere and creativity. Ghost in a shell also has a very crisp and clear sound track and digital effects. <p>GS is quite an interesting movie, which is actually quite hard to describe plotwise without going two pages long :)<br />Its basically the matrix of anime, which has probably been said enough times to be a cliche.<br />Anyhow, be sure to catch this one, it'll be worth youre
l!<p>The acting is breathtakingly intense, the structure of the film is professionally carried through to perfection, and the threads just fit together in a beautiful symphony of life!<p>It really is hard to describe something this well-done, so instead I will just recommend you to see this wonderful Woody Allen creation.
he score was used later as a full song on the soundtrack titled "Angel". With NINish drums and a hollow flute like melody this song encapsulates the feel of this movie better than anything else. It's hard to describe exactly how it does, but listen and you might get it. The final scene of the movie is an overhead shot of Mathilda that rises up to the New York skyline. This is accompanied by the song "Shape of My 
e unrestored film stock copied for this edition.<br /><br />Beyond the emulsion's natural grain, the celluloid used by this white label outfit seems to have lost a bit of transparency. Thus there's a hard to describe faint north/south cloudiness that can almost be seen to move with the 24 fps advancement of the film.<br /><br />Dirt spots and white drop-out flecks occur during early reel changes. At such times th
 /><br />This is Nimoy's motion picture directorial debut, and he performs solidly enough, though there are a few moments here and there where it simply feels like there's something ... missing. It's hard to describe.<br /><br />That's not to say it isn't worth a watch. If you plan on seeing Star Treks II and IV, this is a must see. But there are also some scenes that are just superbly done. The scene breaking Mc
 evil empire whose recruiting new soldiers and Amon competes with others to become one of the soldiers. Theres tons of characters with unique traits and the movie takes several twists.<br /><br />Its hard to describe the exact nature of the plot but what i will say is that if you dont give this movie a chance, your missing out!
review/text: What is life like in a not too distant future? What we think is good today, can be barbaric tomorrow. It's hard to describe what this movie is about without giving the answer. You better see it to believe it.
had never seen before.  Often the focus was on objects in the room or parts of actor's bodies or faces during dialog. These altered perspectives cause the viewer to hear the words more clearly. It is hard to describe the relationship that develops between the two men except to say it is the ultimate pissing contest.  It is a relatively short film that packs a big punch.  Check it out.
ll understand. For months I was afraid this film would never see the light of day. Disney finally released it last spring to little fanfare, although I managed to catch it, and I dug it a lot.<p>It's hard to describe the twisting, meandering plot -- Tim Allen is an ad exec whose son has to shoot a girl he has a crush on with a water pistol, not knowing that a couple of bumbling hitmen are targeting her stepfather
so take a look at this. The opening starts out with a pretty good and mysterious song, along with beautifully animated sequences. What I like best is how they end each episode, thought it's extremely hard to describe because you have to see it for yourself to believe me. Near the end, the ending song starts blending in, and then you get these sudden shifts of views which basically makes me want to watch the next 
<br />The soundtrack ranges from the otherworldly to Eskimo throat singing. (You've got to hear it)<br />It is a very dark comedy but has a surprisingly light touch and a goofy feel-good style. It is hard to describe. It is like "Crossroads" meets "Road Warrior" but everybody is already dead.
<br />The soundtrack ranges from the otherworldly to Eskimo throat singing. (You've got to hear it)<br />It is a very dark comedy but has a surprisingly light touch and a goofy feel-good style. It is hard to describe. It is like "Crossroads" meets "Road Warrior" but everybody is already dead.
hannyn Sossamon is delightful, the appearance of Tom Waits is always fun, and there's a wonderful turn from Shea Whigham, who centers most everything with guidance, wisdom and reckless behavior. It's hard to describe, but it's a terrific lesson against teen suicide, a subject that could be very un-PC, if not in the hands of visionary Dukic. Not for everyone, but a fun ride for those adventurous souls who apprecia
6'8&quot; since he had to look up to him. Jimmy Stewart's subtle, thoughtful performance gives a surreal quality to a film that feels mostly like a well done stage play, but has an edge to it that is hard to describe and should be experienced by any movie lover or person interested in thinking about life, familiy, and one's view of reality. A must for the DVD collection.
he movie was great as well as the sounds effects were great also.<br /><br />the other con to the movie was the film angle of the zombies or how should i put it they zipped them in and out persay its hard to describe once you see the movie youll know what i mean.<br /><br />now the other con is the zombies themselves before i saw land of the dead i thought resident evil zombies were great and made perfect but whe
m with Resident Evil Apocalypse is that the camera views are awful.When you watch a fight seen you want to see the fight at a good angle and on many different angles.The views were so bad it's almost hard to describe them  but think about seeing a fight seen and the whole time the camera's focused on the person's chest the entire fight there's kicking and punching but you can't see much of the kicking or punching
h was expected and continued his singles push. 7/10.<br /><br />-May '02, Raw, I.C. Title Match, Rob Van Dam vs. Eddie Guerrero (Champion): Great match, lots of uses of the ladder, another one that's hard to describe, better to watch. Rolling Thunder by RVD onto Eddie under the ladder was awesome to watch. RVD hits a frog splash then climbs the ladder to win the I.C. Title. 10/10.<br /><br />-July '02, Raw, Undis
review/text: It is hard to describe anything about this movie without ruining it. I can only say that the "private eye" in this flick should have seen everything coming well before.....well, before it occurred.<br />Good acting, good p
review/text: Loved this movie and completely recommend it.  It's a little hard to describe...it's pretty wild, and can't really think of any other movie to compare it to, but it's absolutely worth watching.  I didn't know what to expect before watching it, but I'm a big fan of both Val Kil
o say much more as it may give too much away.<br /><br />Overall, a great movie.  I would have loved to have seen more Alec baldwin, but his character is very memorable in the movie.<br /><br />It is hard to describe, the movie was good but watched very much so like a play (which makes sense because it was based off of a play).<br /><br />I would say if you are into drama and liked Wall Street (the movie is about
y Fred's complete lack of morals still make me snicker even though I can pretty much recite the entire movie by memory. Luckily, Ben and Fred's opposing natures make them a good team.<br /><br />It's hard to describe, but the movie seems packed with events even though not much is happening in it. There's a trio of goons who want to rob a bank with Johnny's help, but it kind of pales to the impending peril of John
d true to their word a movie trailer.<br /><br />The film is an interesting whirlwind of exotic location shots that if nothing else shows the viewer some very interesting sites.  The musical score is hard to describe-in a sense it is eerie, but it also has an overall upbeat, 'hopeful' or optimistic tone.  I get the impression that this film was not made originally in English?  I do like the narrator's (male) voic
 boasts incredible animation, atmosphere and creativity. Ghost in a shell also has a very crisp and clear sound track and digital effects. <p>GS is quite an interesting movie, which is actually quite hard to describe plotwise without going two pages long :)<br />Its basically the matrix of anime, which has probably been said enough times to be a cliche.<br />Anyhow, be sure to catch this one, it'll be worth youre
ls.<br /><br />Writers Larry Hankin and William Tepper really came with an original story and the meat thing driving the film was really interesting. The script has a very distinct feel to it that is hard to describe but when you see it you will know what I am talking about. Director Jason Ensler really keeps things kinda gritty and realistic and keeps unexpected things happening. The humor of this film is most l
ter by Robert Parker.  This is the first video in the made-for-TV series, I believe.  I did enjoy it quite a bit.  There's a minor thing -- maybe something about the pacing or this movie or something hard to describe that caused me to not like this video as much as I had liked the others.  But still, this is a very enjoyable DVD.
gs in the world must balance.  Bruce Willis and Samuel L. Jackson both gave stellar performances in the primary roles.  I find myself at a loss for words (which happens infrequently) ... this film is hard to describe without giving away too much of the plot.  Willis portrays a man who can't be injured ... Jackson, a man who is very easily hurt physically.  The film has some childhood flashback scenes for both cha
review/text: This is a movie that drips with cheese.<br />Silly special effects, basic plot, one dimensional characters.<br /><br />And it's one of my favorite movies of all time.<br /><br />It's hard to describe why I like this movie so much. Maybe it's because I grew up watching Kung Fu Theater as a kid, and so have a special place in my heart for bad effects with guys flying around on wires and the like.<b
 effects over CGI effects any day.  At least you don't actually see the ghost.  This movie makes you use your imagination and is pretty unpredictable.  This movie has an early '70s feel to it that is hard to describe.  Highly recommended.
review/text: It's hard to describe the gamut of situations and emotions this "comedy" provides. Yes, it is a dog picture. But it's also a thoughts-about-life picture, and there are a number of lives crossing paths here. Winn-Dixie is 
review/text: Well, this movie is a bit hard to describe.  Any Muppet Show fans out there?  There are many paralells, which I will get to in a moment, but imagine the muppet show from the aniti-matter dimension and you'll start to get the picture.<br /><br
, starring Jake Gyllenhaal, Jamie Foxx, and Peter Sarsgaard, concerns a Marine Corps unit preparing to be deployed during the first Persian Gulf war in 1991. This movie fails on so many points, it is hard to describe where to begin. The script and story are inconsistent, murky, and unoriginal, with most of Jarhead's theme taken from earlier psychotic military epics such as Apocalypse Now and Full Metal Jacket. Th
tman is meant to be more hidden.  Dont let those opinions stop you from watching this true work of art.  The film also has some great action scenes and a good chemistry between the actors.  Its quite hard to describe how incredible the film is.  I cant see how the original can ever be said to be better than this.
ham), partners (but not the kind that "hold hands and take windy walks," as Turkish puts it) in running an illegal bare-knuckle boxing ring.<p>What follows is so fast-paced and intertwined that it is hard to describe it. [....] I loved this movie so much that I find it hard to keep it to a minimum when discussing it.  I haven't yet found a review that truly did it justice, and I'm sure I'm not doing much better. 
slightly irritating.  He was very expressive, which is the most important thing in recitative, but he could be a little too free with the notes, even to my taste.  What he did was rather strange, and hard to describe:  I suppose you would just have to hear it, but he would drop into very low speech.  To me, it actually sounded like someone speaking Spanish...but that really is just a quibble.<br /><br />Miah Pers
re. You have to sort of watch the others and this back to back to see the difference. I just find his verbal scenes in this one a lot less satisfying, the Hannibal signature is starting to lack. It's hard to describe.<br /><br />2. The new main character, Edward Norton, is a great actor HOWEVER he does not fit this role nearly as well as his predecessors. He just doesn't have it. He's a fantastic actor in other m
re. You have to sort of watch the others and this back to back to see the difference. I just find his verbal scenes in this one a lot less satisfying, the Hannibal signature is starting to lack. It's hard to describe.<br /><br />2. The new main character, Edward Norton, is a great actor HOWEVER he does not fit this role nearly as well as his predecessors. He just doesn't have it. He's a fantastic actor in other m
 on and on about this film but suffice to say that so far I haven't met anyone who didn't find "Raising Arizona" hilarious. And as any great Coen brothers film, it has a certain mythic quality that's hard to describe, but is present all of of the brothers' best efforts. When I was single, I often used Coen brothers films as a barometer of sorts for prospective boyfriends. For instance, I remember seeing "Fargo" o
 on and on about this film but suffice to say that so far I haven't met anyone who didn't find "Raising Arizona" hilarious. And as any great Coen brothers film, it has a certain mythic quality that's hard to describe, but is present all of of the brothers' best efforts. When I was single, I often used Coen brothers films as a barometer of sorts for prospective boyfriends. For instance, I remember seeing "Fargo" o
review/text: This is a movie that drips with cheese.<br />Silly special effects, basic plot, one dimensional characters.<br /><br />And it's one of my favorite movies of all time.<br /><br />It's hard to describe why I like this movie so much. Maybe it's because I grew up watching Kung Fu Theater as a kid, and so have a special place in my heart for bad effects with guys flying around on wires and the like.<b
review/text: Any Given Sunday (DVD) is a &quot;pro&quot; football film experience that is hard to describe in typed words. I have watched it many times and affirm that it really gets one &quot;ready for some football&quot;. The story is a collection of mini-stories, all woven into the tapestry of professi
review/text: It's extremely hard to describe this movie in words...this movie is just too good.  Finnaly there is a horror movie for those of us who appreciate "real" horror movies.  I was getting really tired of all the so called horror movies
review/text: It is hard to describe this movie because it brings out so many emotions. Without going into the story (you can read that already} let me just say, on the negative side, that it was a little difficult to understand in some
 am crazy, crazy about the Monkees and have been for 45 years. This film, though it did poorly in its day, is great. It's strange, but it's funny!! It's a little bit of everything from the 1960's and hard to describe because there is no plot. I think the Monkees were making some statements, mainly about the perils of fame and celebrity, and the way they were derided and insulted by the media at the time. They pok
ir game.  The score will take you away to a different time.  The story will make you reminiscent and nostalgic of your own youth and your friendships.  This is a movie everyone should see.  Words are hard to describe its sweet pain of loss and life...MTS
d a talking brain. (You heard me right.) The evil madman tries to tap into these children's dreams so that he may try and gain a soul.<p>Ok, if you're still reading this, clearly your intrigued. It's hard to describe the look and feel of this movie. It's got a little of everything, sci-fi, fantasy, drama, and comedy. It's dark and light at the same time. Sci-fi action enthusiasts should know that this really does
review/text: Dexter is the most original series I have ever seen.  By the time you finish the first episode, you are hooked.  This show is so weird and unique, it is hard to describe. To yourself a favor, watch this show.
hat they should buy this anime- you should! This anime has one of the most amazing visuals/graphics I have ever seen. I was stunned when I first started watching it- the graphics in this anime are so hard to describe- some are reflective, some translucent and some even seem to move (especially on the clothing). I have never seen anything like it and I own a lot of anime. The story is good- maybe a little slow at 
review/text: This series is great and well worth owning.<br /><br />Like the title says, this series LOOOKS awesome. It has a distinct style that is hard to describe, but very visually interesting and beautiful.<br /><br />The writing is very good. It is obviously based on the book. It's pretty hard to bone up a classic like The Count of Monte Cristo.<br /><br />
his Gem of a movie. I must say this isn't typical of most anime you'll see and it's geared towards adult viewers and doesn't have the "silliness" level that seems to plague many animated movies. It's hard to describe but the animation is fairly unique and it looks absolutely amazing. It was hard to stop watching as it's addicting due to the great animation and story. If you were like me and never really liked ani
 than that? The characters are also people you actually care about. Kurt Russell and Spader do an excellent job in the film. Overall, this film is another that to be seen to be believed. It really is hard to describe and has to be seen!
aintings and early computer graphics, the progressive sequence of art within them sneaks in the history of dialogue-free storytelling.<br /><br />ANIMATED? REALLY?<br /><br />The look of the movie is hard to describe. In one scene, when WALL-E and EVE are investigating a piece of bubble wrap, you can't tell it is an animated film. It actually appears to be live-action. Likewise, the outer space scenes have the sa
after (literally) forcing her to watch the first episode of Season Two, she was hooked, too.  So we got it for a great price on Amazon and were watching it that weekend.<br /><br />The show itself is hard to describe.  Sure, the shooting is what you really want to see when you first start watching, but after a time you really become invested in the competitors, too.  I hate reality TV, and sometimes the in-house 
e appeal of great Disney movies attract adults as well) and I felt mocked and underestimated as a viewer.<br />Do you know the cute funny things that are in Disney cartoons that make you smile? (it's hard to describe it another way). Well, there was none of that in Cinderella II which leads me to believe that this film was created only to make a few extra bucks and not enough time was put into it.<br />And simply
review/text: This French film (with subtitles) of a play of the 19th century is excellent. It's hard to describe other than it's about love, integrity, courage, not being a "yesman"  in opposition to the trickery, murder and bad luck (tragedy) of this fallen world. If one doesn't have courage, the other virtues
review/text: SMILEY'S PEOPLE continues the series begun in SOLDIER, SAILOR, TINKER, SPY, so do your self a favor and buy them both.  It's hard to describe the plot of this series without giving away clues from the prior series, but suffice it to say, in SP George Smiley continues his "cleanup" of operations at the Circus.<br /><br />Several of the acto
review/text: I've been a fan of Sigur Ros for quite some time, I think it was the realease of VON that I aquired (I don't remember how).  It's really hard to describe this work of art.  The 'interview' portion of the set is amazing, to see their homeland as they see it, and talking to the local characters really adds depth to where they come from.  But the live pe
review/text: It's very hard to describe such a movie, and there's no need of that either, but I can tell you this, if you haven't seen the movie, you must buy this DVD, why? well...the movie is great, Bj&ouml;rk and all the actors perform 
s enjoyed futuristic Sci-Fi - Do not really remember if it appeared in comic form.<br /><br />Have yet to look at disc 2 -- have thoroughly enjoyed the actors concept of their characters - it is very hard to describe the feelings invocked upon seeing that ugly old Alien Queen - the nasty Company that wanted the Alien alive - no matter who has to die in the meantime.<br /><br />Oh Yeah! those guys were in for the 
 It finally hit me one night at blockbuster what I had been neglecting throughout my teenage years, rented Alien and brought it back to my dorm to the delight of my college buddies.<br /><br />  It's hard to describe the terror and tension Ridley Scott creates in this film.  The facehugger and chestburster scenes are truly the stuff nightmares are made of, the kinds of things that make you wake up yelling and swe
so take a look at this. The opening starts out with a pretty good and mysterious song, along with beautifully animated sequences. What I like best is how they end each episode, thought it's extremely hard to describe because you have to see it for yourself to believe me. Near the end, the ending song starts blending in, and then you get these sudden shifts of views which basically makes me want to watch the next 
review/text: This was such a piece of [film] it's hard to describe.  I bought it based on the cover, thought I was getting a 'kung fu' flick, you know lots of choreographed fights, etc.  It was just a [bad] bunch of meaningless stuff strung together and called a mov
so take a look at this. The opening starts out with a pretty good and mysterious song, along with beautifully animated sequences. What I like best is how they end each episode, thought it's extremely hard to describe because you have to see it for yourself to believe me. Near the end, the ending song starts blending in, and then you get these sudden shifts of views which basically makes me want to watch the next 
review/text: This movie is visually stunning but it is not intended for those who need constant action.  After a confusing start this movie bloomed into something incredible.  Really hard to describe in words it had such strong spiritual overtones than anyone who has faith will feel more enlightened.<br /><br />This journey begins in 1500 A.D. as the main character is a Spaniard in Ancient Mexico
 than that? The characters are also people you actually care about. Kurt Russell and Spader do an excellent job in the film. Overall, this film is another that to be seen to be believed. It really is hard to describe and has to be seen!
review/text: It is hard to describe this movie other than to say it is full of very nice but predictable fight scenes. I'd say one of the only reasons to really watch it is for the amazing special effects seen in sub-zero's brother's i
y Fred's complete lack of morals still make me snicker even though I can pretty much recite the entire movie by memory. Luckily, Ben and Fred's opposing natures make them a good team.<br /><br />It's hard to describe, but the movie seems packed with events even though not much is happening in it. There's a trio of goons who want to rob a bank with Johnny's help, but it kind of pales to the impending peril of John
review/text: Well it's kind of hard to describe this film. It's such a mix of elements that you can't really categorize it. On the one hand it's a romance with great chemistry between Elisabeth Shue and Val Kilmer. On the other hand  it's and acti
ction thriller presents a different kind of movie; one that actually feels a bit different. Michael Mann this time brings a unique camera work that mixes documentary style with digital...it's kind of hard to describe, but it works, it gives the film a sort of "independent" filmmaking look. Unfortunately Mann would use this exact same technique on "Miami Vice" in which it looks atrocious.<br /><br />Collateral beg
o everyone, which to me is part of it's appeal.  The Dude, Walter, etc. are all unique and interesting characters in their own funny ways.  Every line seems funnier the more you watch the film.  It's hard to describe, but I recommend everyone see it and you'll either love it or not get it.  But I'm betting most will love it.
o everyone, which to me is part of it's appeal.  The Dude, Walter, etc. are all unique and interesting characters in their own funny ways.  Every line seems funnier the more you watch the film.  It's hard to describe, but I recommend everyone see it and you'll either love it or not get it.  But I'm betting most will love it.
 guy had asked about her, she doesn't know what to do - and so she winds up acting like "a total geek" every time he's around.<br /><br />There are so many other little story lines going on that it's hard to describe it all here.  Suffice it to say that there are many hysterical moments - where you laugh till your cheeks hurt - and many others where your heart goes out to this "poor teen".  It brings back SOoooo 
 expected a horror flick. It is NOT a jaded horror flick about some cheesy 20-something-year-olds in a cabin fighting a serial killer. Instead, it is a much more complex and entertaining story. It is hard to describe it without giving away the plot. Just watch it. Trust me -- you'll probably like it.
ce after (The End Of The World) it's dark but has the action you expect. It centers around the bible but isn't what you might think, it didn't take away from the Movie or over power it. The ending is hard to describe so I won't, I liked it. Everyone takes it a little different. I don't think anyone would be disappointed with this Movie.
ce after (The End Of The World) it's dark but has the action you expect. It centers around the bible but isn't what you might think, it didn't take away from the Movie or over power it. The ending is hard to describe so I won't, I liked it. Everyone takes it a little different. I don't think anyone would be disappointed with this Movie.
i-fi sleeper &quot;This Island Earth&quot;  We watch them as they watch the movie, ad-libbing the entire script.  The original dialogues are left in, so the result is a text within a text.  A concept hard to describe, and even harder not to enjoy.
review/text: This is one of my favorite movies by Mr. Campbell. It is very similar to quite a few SiFi/Horror flicks of the early and mid sixties. It is hard to describe the fun parts of this movie without going into details and giving some of the good bits away. It is funny only in that special way Mr. Campbell has of making something dark laughable. If you are a fa
, interesting and endearing than the initial impression gives.<br />Even the side characters like Tony the bodyguard come off as being very plausible, likable and multi-faceted.<br /><br />Fantastic, hard to describe experience.
above all else something of an experiment in narrative structure.. the movie begins curiously as a pseudo-documentary and ends as an absurd fictional account of a relationship in a communist country (hard to describe actually)... The film is also to my way of thinking highly comic.. there is a certain bunuel like surrealism particularly in the last scenes which almost explodes accross the screen in high contrast 
 bit of 21st century media magic! There is a whole new animated opening for the Green Hornet, and when the movie moves from one scene to the next, it takes on a comic book 'green' quality to it! It's hard to describe...but it's cool!
s Character.  Lots of flash backs based that give context and depth to his current problem make for a really interesting story.  The movie is certainly a drama with lots of romance interwoven.  It is hard to describe the story without revealing much.  Much of the movie is him pitching, while flashing back to memories of his life with a girlfriend.<br /><br />One thing that I loved, but also kind bother me was Vin
uesomely realistic even than "Band of Brothers."  The battle scenes are fantastic and with Blu-Ray the realism is quite literally startling.  The entire production has a subtly authentic feel that is hard to describe.<br /><br />The characterizations are a bit weaker than Band of Brothers, but not bad for all that.  The acting is all pretty good, and contributes to the authentic feel of the production.  One gets 
m will give those with open minds a chance to see what life would have been like for one loyally serving in such a military to realize that there is only one solution and to be willing to act.  It is hard to describe Stauffenberg as a hero but after watching this true to life film, it is difficult not to as well.
review/text: It is really hard to describe this movie, but I will try. According to Joseph Pistone, this movie is about 95% true. This movie is based on the experience of Joseph D. Pistone. In this movie he is played by Jonny Depp. Joseph wor
 Ricci compensates for this dismal experience. And it will also appeal to, or not adversely affect, aficionados of torture porn, which  this repulsive piece of junk queasily resembles. Although it is hard to describe without giving away the fairly obvious "twist," "After.life" tells the story of a deranged mortuary director (Neeson) who speaks to the not-yet-dead as they are about to take that great leap into the
review/text: This series is absolutely wonderful.  It is so good that it<br />is hard to describe.  It resembles a "soap opera" of totally<br />unpredictable characters.  The reason, of course, is that they<br />are not humans.<br /><br />Just get the DVD.  You will come to love the various chara
itchcock. Hitch himself was disappointed with the film and later noted that "it's just another manhunt story wrapped in pseudo-psychology".<br /><br />The story is so confused and confusing that it's hard to describe. Gregory Peck (1916-2003) plays a doctor suffering from amnesia who impersonates another doctor who turns out to be a man whom Peck thinks he killed, but in fact it's the old doctor (Leo G. Carroll) 
ly good action movie topic like Alexander the Great, but it was incredibley boring.<br /><br />First of all, the dialogue is awful. And when I say awful, I mean AWFUL. Why is it awful, that's kind of hard to describe. People just randomly arguing with eachother every second for no reason in particular except to add to the drama. As well as this, everything sounds incredibly awkward. no matter what the context. It
review/text: It's kind of hard to describe what kind of movie this is. On one hand, it is very much a mockumentary of horror films. On the other hand, mockumentary usually means that it is supposed to be funny, which this really isn't. There'
review/text: It's really hard to describe this DVD simply because it mostly depends on how much of a WWE fan you are.  If you are a hardcore fan like me then this DVD is right up your alley with new songs not previously released.  If you are
review/text: It's kind of hard to describe what kind of movie this is. On one hand, it is very much a mockumentary of horror films. On the other hand, mockumentary usually means that it is supposed to be funny, which this really isn't. There'
 who wants to be lovable, but whose seriously twisted family background makes that impossible.<p>Angela Lansbury steals this movie, however, as the ultimate &quot;mother-from-hell&quot;<p>The plot is hard to describe in brief, but it involves Harvey, a Communist conspiracy and Harvey's red-baiting inebriate of a stepfather, played by James Gregory with a not-subtle resemblance to Joe McCarthy.<p>This film works b
ers in the foreground with an open field of heartland America in the background. I finally got to see HOOSIERS on video and I am sure glad that I did. This is one of my all-time favorite movies. It's hard to describe but this movie is what America is all about. Great performances, photography and a brilliantly emotionally charged score composed by Jerry Goldsmith contribute to the success of this film. One critic
ers in the foreground with an open field of heartland America in the background. I finally got to see HOOSIERS on video and I am sure glad that I did. This is one of my all-time favorite movies. It's hard to describe but this movie is what America is all about. Great performances, photography and a brilliantly emotionally charged score composed by Jerry Goldsmith contribute to the success of this film. One critic
ers in the foreground with an open field of heartland America in the background. I finally got to see HOOSIERS on video and I am sure glad that I did. This is one of my all-time favorite movies. It's hard to describe but this movie is what America is all about. Great performances, photography and a brilliantly emotionally charged score composed by Jerry Goldsmith contribute to the success of this film. One critic
 but those that have seen it, say, &quot;Why wasn't this movie more popular?&quot; Maybe it was bad timing, or as some others suggested, just not correctly billed to the public.<p>Last Action Hero is hard to describe. It's funny, it's witty, with lots of those one-liners that Arnold became so popular with, and I loved the way he constantly poked fun at his fictional character as well as his &quot;real&quot; self.
since it came out too close to the Columbine shootings. (Honestly which was ridiculous.)<p>Moving on, my review of the movie of course is as biased as the rest. I loved it from beginning to end. It's hard to describe (in a worthwhile way) unless you see it yourself. The plot was told to me by a cousin and I really didn't want to watch it, but not even half the way through the movie I was in love with it, and boug
 Raimi drives everything with his unique direction that places the action somewhere between a horror and a cartoon. It has great camera work, frantic shots and a real flair for the unreal; it is very hard to describe but it can be seen it many of his films.<br /><br />Campbell's ongoing cult status has only been helped recently by Bubba Ho-tep but this is where it basically began and part II only sees his continu
since it came out too close to the Columbine shootings. (Honestly which was ridiculous.)<p>Moving on, my review of the movie of course is as biased as the rest. I loved it from beginning to end. It's hard to describe (in a worthwhile way) unless you see it yourself. The plot was told to me by a cousin and I really didn't want to watch it, but not even half the way through the movie I was in love with it, and boug
them - the reason is much more banal and it sets up a shoot-it-out, chase-em-down final scene. References to Point Break, every western you have ever watched, and even Matrix movies.<br /><br />It is hard to describe this movie except to say this is as unique as Guy Ritchies Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels is - but in different ways. This is a laugh from start to finish. I will never be able to drinnk decaffi
them - the reason is much more banal and it sets up a shoot-it-out, chase-em-down final scene. References to Point Break, every western you have ever watched, and even Matrix movies.<br /><br />It is hard to describe this movie except to say this is as unique as Guy Ritchies Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels is - but in different ways. This is a laugh from start to finish. I will never be able to drinnk decaffi
them - the reason is much more banal and it sets up a shoot-it-out, chase-em-down final scene. References to Point Break, every western you have ever watched, and even Matrix movies.<br /><br />It is hard to describe this movie except to say this is as unique as Guy Ritchies Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels is - but in different ways. This is a laugh from start to finish. I will never be able to drinnk decaffi
here most of the songs come from.  <p>The band is definitely on, and they tear through versions of "Do The Strand," "Re-Make/Re-Model," "In Every Dream Home A Heartache," and "Editions of You."  It's hard to describe how good this is.  Roxy replicates the songs admirably onstage.  Ferry looks the perfect dandy, his white suit contrasting with the crude look of the club they're playing in, taking organ solos and d
an I say? The 1998 version is light years ahead not for the more advanced computer technology, but the script is simply fantastic. I have read it several times. The acting is so much better that it's hard to describe. Lindsay Lohan is wonderful, enchanting, adorable. Dennis Quaid and the rest of the cast outshine everybody combined in the original release. <p>It is touching, uplifting. Every time I watch this fil
review/text: That's the only way to describe this hard to describe film.  Pitt is good, but not great.  Forlani is a welcome site.  Anthony Hopkins deserves the kudos.<p>I saw this film not knowing what to expect.  I wasn't  disappointed.  Pitt's sudden demise early
review/text: That's the only way to describe this hard to describe film.  Pitt is good, but not great.  Forlani is a welcome site.  Anthony Hopkins deserves the kudos.<p>I saw this film not knowing what to expect.  I wasn't  disappointed.  Pitt's sudden demise early
review/text: That's the only way to describe this hard to describe film.  Pitt is good, but not great.  Forlani is a welcome site.  Anthony Hopkins deserves the kudos.<p>I saw this film not knowing what to expect.  I wasn't  disappointed.  Pitt's sudden demise early
review/text: OMG it's hard to describe the ineptitude on display in this "homage" to The Birds.  Is it the absurd CGI?  The robotic lead actor?  The painfully slow shots of people walking, doors opening, and doors closing?  I'm in shock a
review/text: I think most people believe this movie is good amusing fun.  I actually do believe there is a little more to it.  Its the hard to describe something that seperates the ok movies from the good films. The not so subtle commentary on domestic and suburban life is wittier and more profound than i'd expected.  I came away thinking i'd gotten
review/text: The first time I saw this movie was on Lifetime TV and I almost changed the channel, but something about the description of the movie caught my eye.  Its hard to describe the movie without giving away the full plot, but I love how its set out.  Its well worth getting, and it will probably be back on TV pretty soon.  Check out lifetimetv.com to see when.
>Based on the Cormac McCarthy novel, the Coens do a good job of adapting his material to film. (Much better than Billy Bob did in the past, at least.) It's certainly an odd film to watch (and equally hard to describe), but a powerful one nonetheless. The use of silence in the movie is a testament to how well the Coens understand their craft; rarely do you see any film using silence to this degree pull it off so d
mistreat the animal, and then Gappa's far from long-extinct parents show up to stomp around Japan for awhile in search of their little Gappa bundle of joy.  These monsters are rather unimpressive and hard to describe.  They can't decide if they want to fly, swim, or walk, and they have bird-like beaks and long, whip-enabled tails; I swear one of them has a fake beard, and the other one seems to adorn itself with 
wn beat. A bad, bad movie, really bad.  Here are some things that are not funny; heart attacks, divorce, manipulative bosses, losing years of your life, the grim reaper. It just goes on and on. It is hard to describe how poor and predictable this movie is. It does not do justice to Sandler's mediocre talent and abuses the greater talents of the actual actors in this movie. Again this is a bad movie with no redeem
n 1945. So there went my theory. I guess what "Mildred Pierce" could be described as is a case of life imatating art. You have to admit, there are connections.<br /><br /> "Mildred Pierce" is kind of hard to describe. I'm afraid, if I haven't already, I'll reveal too much. But considering the fact the movie is considered a classic, many may already know the story. I'm not sure how much I should tell you. Maybe it
review/text: It's hard to describe the feelings this picture inspires. James Fenimore Cooper's book was one classic I read a couple of times when I was a teenager. The archaic English and the possible improbability of the story never 
 guy had asked about her, she doesn't know what to do - and so she winds up acting like "a total geek" every time he's around.<br /><br />There are so many other little story lines going on that it's hard to describe it all here.  Suffice it to say that there are many hysterical moments - where you laugh till your cheeks hurt - and many others where your heart goes out to this "poor teen".  It brings back SOoooo 
review/text: This dvd is so bad that it's hard to describe all the negatives about it.  It ranks right down at the bottom of the cess pool along with "We Were in Nam".  Making movies is a concept that these people are totally out of touch with.
, interesting and endearing than the initial impression gives.<br />Even the side characters like Tony the bodyguard come off as being very plausible, likable and multi-faceted.<br /><br />Fantastic, hard to describe experience.
, starring Jake Gyllenhaal, Jamie Foxx, and Peter Sarsgaard, concerns a Marine Corps unit preparing to be deployed during the first Persian Gulf war in 1991. This movie fails on so many points, it is hard to describe where to begin. The script and story are inconsistent, murky, and unoriginal, with most of Jarhead's theme taken from earlier psychotic military epics such as Apocalypse Now and Full Metal Jacket. Th
review/text: League of Gentlemen is a production that is very hard to describe without making many people to decline to watch on principle.<br />Big mistake.<br />I enjoyed season one very much indeed. It is "an audacious blend of bizarre humor and horror" but that does not ser
rprising stars like Tom Cruise and Julianne Moore wouldn't hesitate to work in this movie.  All of the characters were so well realized, that there wasn't a single storyline that left me bored.  It's hard to describe Anderson's genius in words, but all it takes is one look at his work to see it.  Look at this, Boogie Nights and Punch Drunk Love in particular for a unique movie making style.  I wish he'd churn out
review/text: Well it's kind of hard to describe this film. It's such a mix of elements that you can't really categorize it. On the one hand it's a romance with great chemistry between Elisabeth Shue and Val Kilmer. On the other hand  it's and acti
ir game.  The score will take you away to a different time.  The story will make you reminiscent and nostalgic of your own youth and your friendships.  This is a movie everyone should see.  Words are hard to describe its sweet pain of loss and life...MTS
o everyone, which to me is part of it's appeal.  The Dude, Walter, etc. are all unique and interesting characters in their own funny ways.  Every line seems funnier the more you watch the film.  It's hard to describe, but I recommend everyone see it and you'll either love it or not get it.  But I'm betting most will love it.
review/text: This is a movie that drips with cheese.<br />Silly special effects, basic plot, one dimensional characters.<br /><br />And it's one of my favorite movies of all time.<br /><br />It's hard to describe why I like this movie so much. Maybe it's because I grew up watching Kung Fu Theater as a kid, and so have a special place in my heart for bad effects with guys flying around on wires and the like.<b
 also presented in all of their artistic over the top camp glory.  In these Price is Phibes, an amalgamation of a number of his past screen personas mixed into one calm monster out for revenge.  It's hard to describe the flicks without giving away too much, but these are a very nice example of methodical, theatrical, and well researched revenge plots that believe it or not cement the cinematic base for films like
review/text: This French film (with subtitles) of a play of the 19th century is excellent. It's hard to describe other than it's about love, integrity, courage, not being a "yesman"  in opposition to the trickery, murder and bad luck (tragedy) of this fallen world. If one doesn't have courage, the other virtues
ed to stay away from the slums, at all cost. Sr. Meirelles is to be commended for creating a world unto itself, so complex that the mind boggles; so brutal, I'm amazed that anyone remains alive. It's hard to describe the film, but its images are etched in my mind. Brilliant cinematography and editing draw you in and don't let go, even at over 2 hours. I have no problem with subtitles, but the narration and dialog
 /><br />This is Nimoy's motion picture directorial debut, and he performs solidly enough, though there are a few moments here and there where it simply feels like there's something ... missing. It's hard to describe.<br /><br />That's not to say it isn't worth a watch. If you plan on seeing Star Treks II and IV, this is a must see. But there are also some scenes that are just superbly done. The scene breaking Mc
t movies you have ever seen. If you work in an office enviroment, or work in the IT sector this movie is the best. You'll particularly like the gangland beating of the office printer. <p>The story is hard to describe, but if I had to I would say that it's the story of a man on his quest to do nothing... absolutely nothing. <p>I recommend this movie if you are between 14 and 50. A little younger could watch it but
ctacle crossed with _The Matrix_-style martial arts crossed with a truly frightening horror film. You're partway there. This was such a stylish, invigorating, over-the-top mix of genres. It really is hard to describe, but by all means, go and see it. It is perhaps the best movie I've seen since _The Matrix_, which I thought was an instant classic, and a movie I've watched over and over again, never tiring of. Thi
review/text: It's is hard to describe this film in words!!! Everything about this film is amazing, stylish, and plainly eye candy with each action scene eclipsing the last. This film is based on the comic book series called "Sin City", a
in Christmas town. He was looking at everything with wonder, the snow, the elves, presents, and even Santa Clause. Later he comes back to Halloween Town to tell everyone about what he saw. But it was hard to describe.  After many expirements with Christmas he decides he wants to kidnapp Santa clause and become Santa himself. He changes his image and brings Christmas to Halloween.<br /><br />This is a great film. 
review/text: It is really hard to describe this movie, but I will try. According to Joseph Pistone, this movie is about 95% true. This movie is based on the experience of Joseph D. Pistone. In this movie he is played by Jonny Depp. Joseph wor
them - the reason is much more banal and it sets up a shoot-it-out, chase-em-down final scene. References to Point Break, every western you have ever watched, and even Matrix movies.<br /><br />It is hard to describe this movie except to say this is as unique as Guy Ritchies Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels is - but in different ways. This is a laugh from start to finish. I will never be able to drinnk decaffi
them - the reason is much more banal and it sets up a shoot-it-out, chase-em-down final scene. References to Point Break, every western you have ever watched, and even Matrix movies.<br /><br />It is hard to describe this movie except to say this is as unique as Guy Ritchies Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels is - but in different ways. This is a laugh from start to finish. I will never be able to drinnk decaffi
them - the reason is much more banal and it sets up a shoot-it-out, chase-em-down final scene. References to Point Break, every western you have ever watched, and even Matrix movies.<br /><br />It is hard to describe this movie except to say this is as unique as Guy Ritchies Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels is - but in different ways. This is a laugh from start to finish. I will never be able to drinnk decaffi
ed to stay away from the slums, at all cost. Sr. Meirelles is to be commended for creating a world unto itself, so complex that the mind boggles; so brutal, I'm amazed that anyone remains alive. It's hard to describe the film, but its images are etched in my mind. Brilliant cinematography and editing draw you in and don't let go, even at over 2 hours. I have no problem with subtitles, but the narration and dialog
they are revealed in the entire ambience Hitch successfully creates: The dreamy settings entrance you and pull you into their spell; The film's key images haunt you long after the film is over. It is hard to describe the power Vertigo contains: It ought simply to be experienced; Let its themes and images and sounds wash over you.<p>When I am drawn back to the film, it is precisely because of that sense of yearnin
ir game.  The score will take you away to a different time.  The story will make you reminiscent and nostalgic of your own youth and your friendships.  This is a movie everyone should see.  Words are hard to describe its sweet pain of loss and life...MTS
he score was used later as a full song on the soundtrack titled "Angel". With NINish drums and a hollow flute like melody this song encapsulates the feel of this movie better than anything else. It's hard to describe exactly how it does, but listen and you might get it. The final scene of the movie is an overhead shot of Mathilda that rises up to the New York skyline. This is accompanied by the song "Shape of My 
review/text: It is really hard to describe this movie, but I will try. According to Joseph Pistone, this movie is about 95% true. This movie is based on the experience of Joseph D. Pistone. In this movie he is played by Jonny Depp. Joseph wor
o everyone, which to me is part of it's appeal.  The Dude, Walter, etc. are all unique and interesting characters in their own funny ways.  Every line seems funnier the more you watch the film.  It's hard to describe, but I recommend everyone see it and you'll either love it or not get it.  But I'm betting most will love it.
review/text: Soul Eater has a unique art style that gets some getting used to but once you do...you realize how awesome it is. It's hard to describe but I really love it, when I read the first chapter of Soul Eater manga I was actually wishing for the art to look more like its anime counterpart. Also the opening song...is completely addicting I a
review/text: This was such a piece of [film] it's hard to describe.  I bought it based on the cover, thought I was getting a 'kung fu' flick, you know lots of choreographed fights, etc.  It was just a [bad] bunch of meaningless stuff strung together and called a mov
in Christmas town. He was looking at everything with wonder, the snow, the elves, presents, and even Santa Clause. Later he comes back to Halloween Town to tell everyone about what he saw. But it was hard to describe.  After many expirements with Christmas he decides he wants to kidnapp Santa clause and become Santa himself. He changes his image and brings Christmas to Halloween.<br /><br />This is a great film. 
in Christmas town. He was looking at everything with wonder, the snow, the elves, presents, and even Santa Clause. Later he comes back to Halloween Town to tell everyone about what he saw. But it was hard to describe.  After many expirements with Christmas he decides he wants to kidnapp Santa clause and become Santa himself. He changes his image and brings Christmas to Halloween.<br /><br />This is a great film. 
/>The cinematography is some of the most interesting ever.  Studying it could be the sole focus of an entire graduate film program, and they still not might be able to cover it in its entirety.  It's hard to describe the power of scenes like after Hoffman reveals to his girlfriend that her mother was the woman he was with.  As he walks away defeated, the camera pans out and the look in Mrs. Robinson's eyes says s
review/text: It's hard to describe the feelings this picture inspires. James Fenimore Cooper's book was one classic I read a couple of times when I was a teenager. The archaic English and the possible improbability of the story never 
review/text: After watching several of the other Comedy Central Roasts, it is easy to say that this one comes in dead last in all aspects.  It's hard to describe how unfunny this one was, other than to say that it was a good idea for Comedy Central to add more comedians in later episodes.  Basically, most of the people seemed to be there just to hang out and 
review/text: THis movie is nuts. There is so much going on here it's hard to describe. A great story coupled witha fantastic cast makes this one of my favorite movies. It's basically a 70's slapstick movie, and if you like those you will love this. Movies such as &quot;the great Race,
lm features an Oscar-Winning screenplay, superb acting from Kate Hudson, Patrick Fugit, and Billy Crudup, and a story you will never forget.  There is so much to appreciate about this film that it is hard to describe it without rambling on and on.  So, bottom line: See this film!
were some great fight scenes, which Matt Damon was quite good in.  The plot was superb with very little/to no holes in it.  It was both intriguing and suspenseful and had and ambiance about it that's hard to describe.  The superb cinematography was partially responsible for this but what I think added to the feel and really brought this movie to life was the musical score!  It did everything a good score does.  I
review/text: I took my 7 year old son to see this movie today, and there was a point in the movie where I had "that feeling."  This is a feeling I don't often get watching a movie.  It is hard to describe it, but I know that the next time, and every other time I see that spot in the film, this thrill will return.  The last time I got that thrill was when I saw "Fellowship of the Ring," and I got to th
t movies you have ever seen. If you work in an office enviroment, or work in the IT sector this movie is the best. You'll particularly like the gangland beating of the office printer. <p>The story is hard to describe, but if I had to I would say that it's the story of a man on his quest to do nothing... absolutely nothing. <p>I recommend this movie if you are between 14 and 50. A little younger could watch it but
, interesting and endearing than the initial impression gives.<br />Even the side characters like Tony the bodyguard come off as being very plausible, likable and multi-faceted.<br /><br />Fantastic, hard to describe experience.
's racing life in a beautiful way. The soundtrack is amazing too and matches this great movie.<br /><br />If you watch it on a morning, your whole day will go thinking about it. It moves you in a way hard to describe.<br /><br />This movie is a must watch for all.
is projected on the rear screens giving the audience the feeling that they are behind Christine and their own reaction is the reaction of the "audience" who just watched her aria from Hannibal.  It's hard to describe but a cool efect.<br /><br />It's also fair to note that these "screens" were necessary given the sheer size of the arena, and in the vastness of the RAH, some consideration had to be made to those i
review/text: This film frightened me as a kid, when I first saw it on television, and the images stayed with me for a lifetime. There is a metaphor for pure evil in this film, although I find it hard to describe.<br /><br />The "bad alien" did not have to blast his ray gun at the woman in the swimming pool as she tried to get help. Skeletons don't swim, or float. They quietly sink to the bottom. Brrrrrrrrr!!
ers in the foreground with an open field of heartland America in the background. I finally got to see HOOSIERS on video and I am sure glad that I did. This is one of my all-time favorite movies. It's hard to describe but this movie is what America is all about. Great performances, photography and a brilliantly emotionally charged score composed by Jerry Goldsmith contribute to the success of this film. One critic
ers in the foreground with an open field of heartland America in the background. I finally got to see HOOSIERS on video and I am sure glad that I did. This is one of my all-time favorite movies. It's hard to describe but this movie is what America is all about. Great performances, photography and a brilliantly emotionally charged score composed by Jerry Goldsmith contribute to the success of this film. One critic
ers in the foreground with an open field of heartland America in the background. I finally got to see HOOSIERS on video and I am sure glad that I did. This is one of my all-time favorite movies. It's hard to describe but this movie is what America is all about. Great performances, photography and a brilliantly emotionally charged score composed by Jerry Goldsmith contribute to the success of this film. One critic
igger and bigger as the episode goes on. It's just so entertaining and the cast do an excellent job in my opinion. One of my favorite episodes was from season one entitled "the Baby Shower." But it's hard to describe my favorite part because there are three subplots for Jerry, Elaine and George. And that's another thing, many times the whole episode feels like a subplot but each subplot is combined together brill
in Christmas town. He was looking at everything with wonder, the snow, the elves, presents, and even Santa Clause. Later he comes back to Halloween Town to tell everyone about what he saw. But it was hard to describe.  After many expirements with Christmas he decides he wants to kidnapp Santa clause and become Santa himself. He changes his image and brings Christmas to Halloween.<br /><br />This is a great film. 
good time chewing the scenery and overacting to extreme levels.<br /><br />Of course, that also means that like other reviewers have noted, there are a few scenes that just fall flat.<br /><br />It's hard to describe this movie and in many ways harder to rate it.  Even in the extra about the movie the one director admits that four different men directed different segments, there were rewrites up to the last minut
review/text: I took my 7 year old son to see this movie today, and there was a point in the movie where I had "that feeling."  This is a feeling I don't often get watching a movie.  It is hard to describe it, but I know that the next time, and every other time I see that spot in the film, this thrill will return.  The last time I got that thrill was when I saw "Fellowship of the Ring," and I got to th
an I say? The 1998 version is light years ahead not for the more advanced computer technology, but the script is simply fantastic. I have read it several times. The acting is so much better that it's hard to describe. Lindsay Lohan is wonderful, enchanting, adorable. Dennis Quaid and the rest of the cast outshine everybody combined in the original release. <p>It is touching, uplifting. Every time I watch this fil
an I say? The 1998 version is light years ahead not for the more advanced computer technology, but the script is simply fantastic. I have read it several times. The acting is so much better that it's hard to describe. Lindsay Lohan is wonderful, enchanting, adorable. Dennis Quaid and the rest of the cast outshine everybody combined in the original release. <p>It is touching, uplifting. Every time I watch this fil
review/text: I really enjoyed this movie. I have not seen many Steve McQueen movies to date, but I hope to see more now. Frank Keller won an Oscar for editing for "Bullitt" and I can see why. It's hard to describe what makes great editing, but you know it when you see it. Sometimes a shot will go on a bit longer than you expect it to, and, after viewing the shot, you realize how effective it was. There are sev
review/text: Wow, just saw this yesterday.  Kind of hard to describe but let me try... a fun, light-hearted romp through the woods.  You'll laugh, you'll cry... if you like talking animals and lots of acorns you'll love this film.  Think Disney with an edge.
review/text: Wow, just saw this yesterday.  Kind of hard to describe but let me try... a fun, light-hearted romp through the woods.  You'll laugh, you'll cry... if you like talking animals and lots of acorns you'll love this film.  Think Disney with an edge.
. Lucky me the band also played several numbers after the showing. What a treat!!!<br /><br />If you have never been fortunate enough to see Dread Clampitt in person this is the next best thing. It's hard to describe their style of play. Bluegrass with some rock and roll, country, blues all throw together for an infectuous mix. A great blend that will have you tapping your feet and wanting more.<br /><br />If you
he movie was great as well as the sounds effects were great also.<br /><br />the other con to the movie was the film angle of the zombies or how should i put it they zipped them in and out persay its hard to describe once you see the movie youll know what i mean.<br /><br />now the other con is the zombies themselves before i saw land of the dead i thought resident evil zombies were great and made perfect but whe
m with Resident Evil Apocalypse is that the camera views are awful.When you watch a fight seen you want to see the fight at a good angle and on many different angles.The views were so bad it's almost hard to describe them  but think about seeing a fight seen and the whole time the camera's focused on the person's chest the entire fight there's kicking and punching but you can't see much of the kicking or punching
review/text: This film frightened me as a kid, when I first saw it on television, and the images stayed with me for a lifetime. There is a metaphor for pure evil in this film, although I find it hard to describe.<br /><br />The "bad alien" did not have to blast his ray gun at the woman in the swimming pool as she tried to get help. Skeletons don't swim, or float. They quietly sink to the bottom. Brrrrrrrrr!!
hen he flicks them. Could he be in a dream? If he is, what is the nature of this dream? What is its purpose? Where is it taking him? Most importantly, can he wake from it?<br /><br />The animation is hard to describe, which is a compliment really. In terms of motion, very often its realistic. As for shape, perspective, colors, facial experessions and such, you're only really shown a vague impression of what's the
hen he flicks them. Could he be in a dream? If he is, what is the nature of this dream? What is its purpose? Where is it taking him? Most importantly, can he wake from it?<br /><br />The animation is hard to describe, which is a compliment really. In terms of motion, very often its realistic. As for shape, perspective, colors, facial experessions and such, you're only really shown a vague impression of what's the
mistreat the animal, and then Gappa's far from long-extinct parents show up to stomp around Japan for awhile in search of their little Gappa bundle of joy.  These monsters are rather unimpressive and hard to describe.  They can't decide if they want to fly, swim, or walk, and they have bird-like beaks and long, whip-enabled tails; I swear one of them has a fake beard, and the other one seems to adorn itself with 
o everyone, which to me is part of it's appeal.  The Dude, Walter, etc. are all unique and interesting characters in their own funny ways.  Every line seems funnier the more you watch the film.  It's hard to describe, but I recommend everyone see it and you'll either love it or not get it.  But I'm betting most will love it.
ham), partners (but not the kind that "hold hands and take windy walks," as Turkish puts it) in running an illegal bare-knuckle boxing ring.<p>What follows is so fast-paced and intertwined that it is hard to describe it. [....] I loved this movie so much that I find it hard to keep it to a minimum when discussing it.  I haven't yet found a review that truly did it justice, and I'm sure I'm not doing much better. 
review/text: Came across this film purely accidentally but luckily caught it from the beginning and it was well worth investing in.  It would be hard to describe the plot without giving too much away, but it is a beautiful story of karma, regret, guilt, adversity, love, marriage, and redemption.  Other reviewers have already covered that anyway.  The dialogue
review/text: Amores perros is a movie that depicts a specific (3) story of typical lives of society in Mexico city. I really like these movies that will conserve through time the culture that is hard to describe in other arts.<br />must watch for those who love to understand this culture.
series also REALLY helps it convey the emotions effectively at the appropriate times.<br />  If it was live action I would say that the cinematography &was excelent! and the story second to none, but hard to describe without MAJOR spoilers. Also Unlike the usual anime , this one is masterful at blending the real world of Japan , into animated one of the series......
ll, but the 70's version does an admirable job of putting a great story in a modern light.<p>Kong was a little too human for me compared to the original, but the 2nd version just has an appeal that's hard to describe.  The DVD cover immediately reminded me of all the fast food posters back in the 70's as this movie was very popular when it was released.  It remained popular in theaters and drive-ins for several y
e thing is actually one that's intentional involving ex-Monkee Mickey Dolenz.<br /><br />The effects are the standard SyFy channel poorly done CGI that we've all come to expect from them. I mean it's hard to describe just how bad these are done. I'm assuming that some 13 year old with a PC that's older than he is worked hard to make these graphics but he still needs to work on them. Is it any wonder that people m
d to portray the 40 passengers and crew members are each to be applauded separately (and collectively), in my personal opinion, for their realistic and spot-on performances in this movie. It's really hard to describe how good this whole cast is. All of the performances from the men and women who share this cast roster will move you to tears. The terror on board that aircraft is so real during this movie, it's not
e Death Of Superman," one never quite feels the tension. Worse, how Superman comes back from the "dead" was not very creative at all. The explanation was just way too convenient.<br /><br />I find it hard to describe this as a "movie." First, it looked nothing different from the regular animated series on tv, except the awkward need to add cheeckbones to the characters' faces. The same lazy animation of boxy face
review/text: It's is hard to describe this film in words!!! Everything about this film is amazing, stylish, and plainly eye candy with each action scene eclipsing the last. This film is based on the comic book series called "Sin City", a
review/text: It is really hard to describe this movie, but I will try. According to Joseph Pistone, this movie is about 95% true. This movie is based on the experience of Joseph D. Pistone. In this movie he is played by Jonny Depp. Joseph wor
 bit of 21st century media magic! There is a whole new animated opening for the Green Hornet, and when the movie moves from one scene to the next, it takes on a comic book 'green' quality to it! It's hard to describe...but it's cool!
 mission--about half the time he has left--not to say that when duty calls-real men don't answer--but this is absurd--it't the end of the world--and he's taking off from his wife and child.<br />It's hard to describe just how boring this movie is--about the only excitement is finding out a coke bottle is tapping out morse code<br />Gregory Peck and Anthony Perkins are among my favorite actors--but even they can't
not everyone will like this movie, but the ones with artistic heart will taste the flavor of a fantastic production.  It's bizarre, it's different, it's so many things at the same time, that it is so hard to describe.  You will have to pay atention to understand the meaning and that's just one of the good sides.  This isn't a hollywood mega hit movie, but it have so much potential thanks to it's poetic feeling, t
 this review it is hard to find the words to describe this movie. it is probably one of the most powerful movies ive ever seen to say the least. but that doesnt do this movie justice. since i find it hard to describe this movie i guess this will one word pretty much sums up my feelings on this movie: INDESCRIBABLE!!!
review/text: It's hard to describe to people who are either under the age of 28 or over the age of 38 why this movie is one of the best ever made.  This movie is more dear to me and truly describes my childhood more than any other 80'
review/text: I really enjoyed this movie. I have not seen many Steve McQueen movies to date, but I hope to see more now. Frank Keller won an Oscar for editing for "Bullitt" and I can see why. It's hard to describe what makes great editing, but you know it when you see it. Sometimes a shot will go on a bit longer than you expect it to, and, after viewing the shot, you realize how effective it was. There are sev
flat.<br /><br />A slow moving period piece that is sometimes dramatic, sometimes delightful, sometimes intense, sometimes deliberate, sometimes too sensual, and sometimes...well...almost off?!  It's hard to describe, that although I really enjoyed this film and will buy the DVD when it's out, there was some missing element from this film.  It was gorgeous.  It was well-acted, and fairly well-written.  It was wel
 haunting with great light and shadow filming very atmospheric vampire film this Black and white film is better than most color vampire films it gives the film a very eerie feeling of quality that is hard to describe if you never seen this you are in for a treat see what a master film maker can do with a great horror movie this has to be one of the best horror films I have seen there are some nice classic horror 
his Gem of a movie. I must say this isn't typical of most anime you'll see and it's geared towards adult viewers and doesn't have the "silliness" level that seems to plague many animated movies. It's hard to describe but the animation is fairly unique and it looks absolutely amazing. It was hard to stop watching as it's addicting due to the great animation and story. If you were like me and never really liked ani
 shot<br /> a special music and photo gallery<br /> surprise Easter eggs<br /> even more behind the scenes footage edited by Jason Segal and Martin Starr<br /> and other things that are weird and hard to describe"<p>It runs for the steep price of $120, but the way I figure it is, this is the only season of F&G you're going to get, so you may as well do it right!  However, you won't go wrong with either versio
ctacle crossed with _The Matrix_-style martial arts crossed with a truly frightening horror film. You're partway there. This was such a stylish, invigorating, over-the-top mix of genres. It really is hard to describe, but by all means, go and see it. It is perhaps the best movie I've seen since _The Matrix_, which I thought was an instant classic, and a movie I've watched over and over again, never tiring of. Thi
 Raimi drives everything with his unique direction that places the action somewhere between a horror and a cartoon. It has great camera work, frantic shots and a real flair for the unreal; it is very hard to describe but it can be seen it many of his films.<br /><br />Campbell's ongoing cult status has only been helped recently by Bubba Ho-tep but this is where it basically began and part II only sees his continu
d to the movie. Peterson was fantastic, Madsen was good, Pen (or Teller) was great, and the rest of the characters were fun to watch. I get a smile on my face from the beginning to the end. I find it hard to describe just how fun this movie is to watch. This movie really "smacked the rawhide out of the confines". And excuse me "if they can't take the joke".
maybe he's really terminally depressed and just playing himself onscreen. At any rate, this character is a charmer, and I absolutely love the way Owen plays him. This love triangle is about something hard to describe, but easy to feel if you are familiar. Owen loves the Queen with all his heart, but he knows from the get-go that anything ROMANTIC would only cheapen and weaken her as a person. So he is VERY honore
tman is meant to be more hidden.  Dont let those opinions stop you from watching this true work of art.  The film also has some great action scenes and a good chemistry between the actors.  Its quite hard to describe how incredible the film is.  I cant see how the original can ever be said to be better than this.
find myself looking away or feeling generally repulsed. but there's something shockingly correct about this film in particular and the perspective it shines on this home-model that is pure bs anyway. hard to describe the film, but i recommend it
e unrestored film stock copied for this edition.<br /><br />Beyond the emulsion's natural grain, the celluloid used by this white label outfit seems to have lost a bit of transparency. Thus there's a hard to describe faint north/south cloudiness that can almost be seen to move with the 24 fps advancement of the film.<br /><br />Dirt spots and white drop-out flecks occur during early reel changes. At such times th
t movies you have ever seen. If you work in an office enviroment, or work in the IT sector this movie is the best. You'll particularly like the gangland beating of the office printer. <p>The story is hard to describe, but if I had to I would say that it's the story of a man on his quest to do nothing... absolutely nothing. <p>I recommend this movie if you are between 14 and 50. A little younger could watch it but
review/text: Any Given Sunday (DVD) is a &quot;pro&quot; football film experience that is hard to describe in typed words. I have watched it many times and affirm that it really gets one &quot;ready for some football&quot;. The story is a collection of mini-stories, all woven into the tapestry of professi
th an approximate running time of 60 minutes.<br />This is one of the best "Austin City Limits" Concerts, I've ever heard. This was filmed on January 21, 1981. This band & their music is so good, its hard to describe, but if you like music you should love this one. I gladly, highly recommend this one. It's one of the best concert DVD's ever!!! Thanks!!!!
review/text: It is hard to describe what Adam Kelly has captured in his film "The Tracy Arm Experience". It is truly one of a kind. He captures the sublime nature of calving glaciers. Kelly lets the viewer understand the natural beauty
6'8&quot; since he had to look up to him. Jimmy Stewart's subtle, thoughtful performance gives a surreal quality to a film that feels mostly like a well done stage play, but has an edge to it that is hard to describe and should be experienced by any movie lover or person interested in thinking about life, familiy, and one's view of reality. A must for the DVD collection.
review/text: I really enjoyed this movie. I have not seen many Steve McQueen movies to date, but I hope to see more now. Frank Keller won an Oscar for editing for "Bullitt" and I can see why. It's hard to describe what makes great editing, but you know it when you see it. Sometimes a shot will go on a bit longer than you expect it to, and, after viewing the shot, you realize how effective it was. There are sev
review/text: DUDE! this movie was AWESOME! it was wicked funny but hard to describe. it was full of surprise and it was cool. u have to pay attention and follow along. U HAVE TO SEE THIS MOVIE!!! only one more thing to say.........................................SHIBBYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!
aintings and early computer graphics, the progressive sequence of art within them sneaks in the history of dialogue-free storytelling.<br /><br />ANIMATED? REALLY?<br /><br />The look of the movie is hard to describe. In one scene, when WALL-E and EVE are investigating a piece of bubble wrap, you can't tell it is an animated film. It actually appears to be live-action. Likewise, the outer space scenes have the sa
nto, folk, country, gospel...I said wide variety...I find I am becoming a more than weary of what could be called the "Broadway muscial motif".<br />They have a way of sounding so very similar. It is hard to describe. I'll try this: that the melodies and tempi seem only barely able to emerge from recitative.<br /><br />Here is a sample of a tune from this show:  C-D; C-D; C-A...and then we "vary" that monotony by
review/text: I would rate this a 5, but just because it made me cry a little it is hard to do so. I like that this is geared for adults. It is a good mix between serious and funny. It is very hard to describe this movie, so I suggest to just watch it.
o everyone, which to me is part of it's appeal.  The Dude, Walter, etc. are all unique and interesting characters in their own funny ways.  Every line seems funnier the more you watch the film.  It's hard to describe, but I recommend everyone see it and you'll either love it or not get it.  But I'm betting most will love it.
review/text: I think most people believe this movie is good amusing fun.  I actually do believe there is a little more to it.  Its the hard to describe something that seperates the ok movies from the good films. The not so subtle commentary on domestic and suburban life is wittier and more profound than i'd expected.  I came away thinking i'd gotten
review/text: It's hard to describe how much I enjoyed this film.  Especially without sounding trite.  But "Ink" is undeniably exquisite.  The story it tells, the themes it brings in, the visuals, the soundtrack... everything is so poi
Ink I was not repulsed. One of the most interesting and moving movies I have seen in a long time. I hate using the term brilliant because it's vastly overused however I think this one case where it's hard to describe it in any other way. The acting is decent for such a low budget movie, the story is incredibly original, the cinematography is excellent and the visual effects rival anything that a big budget Hollyw
nte and Tom  Tykwer, it is absolutely riveting.<p>For all these reasons and more, see  this movie.  I love this movie so much, and I've probably seen it well over  10 times, but at the same time it's hard to describe WHY I love it.  I've  tried to do that here, but I really can't.  You are just going to have to  see it to believe it.
nte and Tom  Tykwer, it is absolutely riveting.<p>For all these reasons and more, see  this movie.  I love this movie so much, and I've probably seen it well over  10 times, but at the same time it's hard to describe WHY I love it.  I've  tried to do that here, but I really can't.  You are just going to have to  see it to believe it.
nte and Tom  Tykwer, it is absolutely riveting.<p>For all these reasons and more, see  this movie.  I love this movie so much, and I've probably seen it well over  10 times, but at the same time it's hard to describe WHY I love it.  I've  tried to do that here, but I really can't.  You are just going to have to  see it to believe it.
/><br />The first thing that people will notice about this film is it's eye-popping visuals. Anyone who has had the pleasure of seeing Mamoru Oshii's film Avalon will be familiar with the style. It's hard to describe exactly, but you'll know it when you see it. Everything has a soft focus, and a noir-ish black and a cool retro, almost black-and-white-but-not-quite tint. Some will say this is to cover up the CGI a
review/text: Well it's kind of hard to describe this film. It's such a mix of elements that you can't really categorize it. On the one hand it's a romance with great chemistry between Elisabeth Shue and Val Kilmer. On the other hand  it's and acti
he score was used later as a full song on the soundtrack titled "Angel". With NINish drums and a hollow flute like melody this song encapsulates the feel of this movie better than anything else. It's hard to describe exactly how it does, but listen and you might get it. The final scene of the movie is an overhead shot of Mathilda that rises up to the New York skyline. This is accompanied by the song "Shape of My 
review/text: There was a time when video games were so graphically simple it's hard to describe why they appealed to us.  But they did; we'd never had anything like them.  I know I spent hours putting quarters into astroids and centipede.  The basis of this movie starts here, with Alex, a kid f
nce by Craig Bierko who is cute but quite believable as a cutthroat murderer.<br /><br />The music on this film is also good. Part of why I liked it so much is the 70's/80's songs that are used. It's hard to describe the songs, but they just fit really well with this movie.<br /><br />The Long Kiss Goodnight is great fun because it's actually FUNNY.  The humor is intelligent. It's not like some action films where
re. A car is the star of the film, a very jealous and vengeful one at that. Man, that sounds silly but, if you're reading this you have probably watched the movie so no sense going into details. It's hard to describe the story in a paragraph without it sounding stupid....but it's not. Maybe the quickest way to explain it is that it is about a car that is alive, like a human, and you mess with it, you pay!<br /><b
ce after (The End Of The World) it's dark but has the action you expect. It centers around the bible but isn't what you might think, it didn't take away from the Movie or over power it. The ending is hard to describe so I won't, I liked it. Everyone takes it a little different. I don't think anyone would be disappointed with this Movie.
review/text: I find it a little hard to describe why I like I, Robot so much. I feel drawn to the movie again and again. In a certain fashion, this is typical of the work of Alex Proyas, the director of I, Robot. Alex Proyas is probably best known 
formance as well. The opening sequence alone is worth a viewing  of this movie.  It is the greatest opening sequence I've ever seen, rivaled  only by the one from Raiders of the Lost Ark..maybe. It's hard to describe  with any one word. Watch this film and I think you will be hard put to find  another western that comes even close to being this suspenseful, moody, or  entertaining.
review/text: It's sort of hard to describe this movie.  Put it this way.  I didn't know what in the world I was looking at when I caught Clerks mid-way through in the fall of 1996.  I was in Navy specialty school in Meridian, MS when somebody
s movie is so terrible... and I mean SO terrible, that you absolutely must see it. But if you see it, you must see it with a large group of people. The movie is so bad in so many ways that it will be hard to describe them, but I can try.<br /><br />The movie starts off with the most wild concept you can possibly imagine, or rather, the most wild concept that a 4th grader can possibly imagine, then sets it on the 
tory flirtations. I think these cameos are what gives the series it's edge. While they don't detract from the central relationship, they add a certain je-ne-sais-quois to proceedings.<br /><br />It's hard to describe the humour, which has elements of surreality, slapstick, pop-culture, and general silliness. There is however a very strong thread of pathos which holds it all together and keeps it from becoming tru
s enjoyed futuristic Sci-Fi - Do not really remember if it appeared in comic form.<br /><br />Have yet to look at disc 2 -- have thoroughly enjoyed the actors concept of their characters - it is very hard to describe the feelings invocked upon seeing that ugly old Alien Queen - the nasty Company that wanted the Alien alive - no matter who has to die in the meantime.<br /><br />Oh Yeah! those guys were in for the 
 It finally hit me one night at blockbuster what I had been neglecting throughout my teenage years, rented Alien and brought it back to my dorm to the delight of my college buddies.<br /><br />  It's hard to describe the terror and tension Ridley Scott creates in this film.  The facehugger and chestburster scenes are truly the stuff nightmares are made of, the kinds of things that make you wake up yelling and swe
 than that? The characters are also people you actually care about. Kurt Russell and Spader do an excellent job in the film. Overall, this film is another that to be seen to be believed. It really is hard to describe and has to be seen!
 boasts incredible animation, atmosphere and creativity. Ghost in a shell also has a very crisp and clear sound track and digital effects. <p>GS is quite an interesting movie, which is actually quite hard to describe plotwise without going two pages long :)<br />Its basically the matrix of anime, which has probably been said enough times to be a cliche.<br />Anyhow, be sure to catch this one, it'll be worth youre
/>The cinematography is some of the most interesting ever.  Studying it could be the sole focus of an entire graduate film program, and they still not might be able to cover it in its entirety.  It's hard to describe the power of scenes like after Hoffman reveals to his girlfriend that her mother was the woman he was with.  As he walks away defeated, the camera pans out and the look in Mrs. Robinson's eyes says s
review/text: First of all, don't catch this on tv.  Rent it or buy it so you can see the R rated version so the entire effect can be had from this extremely hard to describe movie.  Comedy, Horror, Urban Fairy Tale with a Moral?  You'll have to watch and figure out for yourself.  Personally I think there's all of the above in this movie but the Horror parts stick out the
ruders in a house that seems to never end.  Part haunted house yarn, part mad dog chase, and lets not forget "Flowers in the Attic" on acid, blend with a near zombie-like teenage movie.  The movie is hard to describe, but there isn't one nearly like it.  It is Wes Craven's most original work, and to cast a drag queen as the leading lady is so John Waters!  Also stars a young Ving Rhames, who now has gone full cir
review/text: This is my favourite American film of all time. The imagery, acting, soundtrack, all were flawless. It's hard to describe what I found so appealing, you'd really have to see it.<br />Unlike many drug movies, you'd notice how nothing is glamourised, just strikingly honest. There are real consequences for everyone. The ma
d a talking brain. (You heard me right.) The evil madman tries to tap into these children's dreams so that he may try and gain a soul.<p>Ok, if you're still reading this, clearly your intrigued. It's hard to describe the look and feel of this movie. It's got a little of everything, sci-fi, fantasy, drama, and comedy. It's dark and light at the same time. Sci-fi action enthusiasts should know that this really does
e Rhoades leaving and Jefferson D'Arcy entering. (It's interesting, but when I watch the Steve part, I miss Jefferson, and when I watch the Jefferson part, I miss Steve.) The humor is MwC humor; it's hard to describe it as anything else, because they were the trailblazers, and everything thereafter is nothing short of a cheap imitation.<br />In the course of the series, there were a few plot elements that I never
e, particular tale rather than the entirety), but the very offbeat, subversive, and darkly funny spirit appears not to have transferred over very well from the original material, in my opinion.  It's hard to describe unless you've actually had a chance to read the original stories, which I'd recommend, but the main characters of O.C. and Stiggs just came off as, well, mean spirited, smarmy a-holes who were almost
ed "smoke signals".  Normally, I don't bother with these recommendations from Amazon, but this time (on a whim) I bought "Pow Wow Highway" and I am so glad I did!<br /><br />Being part Cherokee, it's hard to describe the mix of feelings this film brought out in me.  This feeling was only enhanced by the powerful use of Robbie Robertson's "fallen angel" in the scenes with Filbert.  Knowing the song very well, and 
your typical thriller with a twist.  Many things don't work, but plenty of them do.  You have a talented cast, a decent story, and a fair ending that isn't the greatest, but is not a total dud.  It's hard to describe the movie too much without spoiling it.  So I will simply say that a married man decides to have an affair, and that turns out to be the biggest mistake of his life in more ways than one.  This movie
 effects over CGI effects any day.  At least you don't actually see the ghost.  This movie makes you use your imagination and is pretty unpredictable.  This movie has an early '70s feel to it that is hard to describe.  Highly recommended.
review/text: What is life like in a not too distant future? What we think is good today, can be barbaric tomorrow. It's hard to describe what this movie is about without giving the answer. You better see it to believe it.
/>The cinematography is some of the most interesting ever.  Studying it could be the sole focus of an entire graduate film program, and they still not might be able to cover it in its entirety.  It's hard to describe the power of scenes like after Hoffman reveals to his girlfriend that her mother was the woman he was with.  As he walks away defeated, the camera pans out and the look in Mrs. Robinson's eyes says s
review/text: This DVD is a fascinating look at a unique artist. He had a remarkable style, the appeal of which is hard to describe.  I think the secret of it was the marrying of opposites.  His playing was elegant and brusque, forceful and poetic, spontaneous and precise.  He was never boring.  Watching this dapper, very French 
review/text: To anyone who has never seen a Marx Brothers film, it's hard to describe. "Horse Feathers" just may be the wackiest, corniest, dumbest, funniest and just plain craziest movie you've ever seen. It could be any one of those adjectives. In my opinion, it's all of them. It's 
review/text: Audrey Hepburn is Holly Golightly. There is and was only one. It is hard to describe the attraction of this film, yet it still captivates me every time I view it. I think it has something to do with the time and place when it was made, a carefree time that exists no longer and a time
review/text: Any Given Sunday (DVD) is a &quot;pro&quot; football film experience that is hard to describe in typed words. I have watched it many times and affirm that it really gets one &quot;ready for some football&quot;. The story is a collection of mini-stories, all woven into the tapestry of professi
r... hell, it's probably way too intelligent even for the people who enjoy the show!  There's ALWAYS some new line to pick up on.  I've watched some episodes 10 times and still catch new things. It's hard to describe in detail how absolutely INSANE this show is!<br /><br />But if you're the typical Adult Swim fan, you may want to pass on this one... however, if you're into the films of Lynch, Giuseppe Andrews, Jo
 Hong Kong cinema ('boxer' is the closest word to what the Chinese use to describe a martial arts practitioner). The 'boxer's world' concept doesn't have a Western equivilent concept, and is a little hard to describe. Its basically that if you devote your whole life to martial arts and the pursuit of perfection in it, you have no time for 'real world' type of living. Its almost as if you have two different worlds
review/text: This movie is hard to describe.  Very enjoyable, not boring, not an average love story...just great.  Enjoy it!
o everyone, which to me is part of it's appeal.  The Dude, Walter, etc. are all unique and interesting characters in their own funny ways.  Every line seems funnier the more you watch the film.  It's hard to describe, but I recommend everyone see it and you'll either love it or not get it.  But I'm betting most will love it.
e in the auditorium, broken only by the soft sound of sobbing all around. And then you realized you were among those in tears. I haven't seen such a reaction to a film since "Schindler's List." It is hard to describe the emotional impact of this often funny, but ultimately very moving semi-autobiographical film. It's a shame you can't see in the theaters any more, but I strongly recommend seeing "Innocent Voices"
l!<p>The acting is breathtakingly intense, the structure of the film is professionally carried through to perfection, and the threads just fit together in a beautiful symphony of life!<p>It really is hard to describe something this well-done, so instead I will just recommend you to see this wonderful Woody Allen creation.
ly good action movie topic like Alexander the Great, but it was incredibley boring.<br /><br />First of all, the dialogue is awful. And when I say awful, I mean AWFUL. Why is it awful, that's kind of hard to describe. People just randomly arguing with eachother every second for no reason in particular except to add to the drama. As well as this, everything sounds incredibly awkward. no matter what the context. It
review/text: I bought both of his DVDs and gave them away and had to buy another set for my library. It is hard to describe how funny Dunham and his characters are.
 passionate about him.  Speaking for myself, it is not because he started Pink Floyd, not because he was part of "swinging London," and not because I think doing acid is cool.  It really is something hard to describe but a bit of the Peter Pan thing.  Within Syd's best work is a very pure, sometimes innocent and other times mischievous, hearkening to childhood.  I'm not talking about the literal subject matter of
ve watched most, if not all of his standup performances available on video, and this one is truly the best. Richard is crude and raunchy, but he speaks the truth that we never talk about! It's really hard to describe how funny this DVD is, because they was just so much material that spanned a lot of subjects. Some of my favorites include Richard's bit about the woods, including a deer and a bear as well his bit a
hestrated jazz samba numbers. His show provides a tremendously creative blend of folkloric samba rhythyms, modern Miles Davis style jazz, poetry, sculpture, literature, love, hate, war... well, it is hard to describe, but it is dazzling and very appealing. Fortunately the DVD has subtitles in several languages including English because the lyrics are great... a major element of the show's success. The big failure
review/text: What is life like in a not too distant future? What we think is good today, can be barbaric tomorrow. It's hard to describe what this movie is about without giving the answer. You better see it to believe it.
 guy had asked about her, she doesn't know what to do - and so she winds up acting like "a total geek" every time he's around.<br /><br />There are so many other little story lines going on that it's hard to describe it all here.  Suffice it to say that there are many hysterical moments - where you laugh till your cheeks hurt - and many others where your heart goes out to this "poor teen".  It brings back SOoooo 
review/text: Wow, it is really hard to describe how utterly pathetic this movie is on every possible level.  I bought this movie due to a couple good reviews and by thinking to myself, how could a movie about a monster man killer in a monster truc
equent investigation, it is unfortunate that absolutely everything about this movie is WRONG:<br /><br />*Perhaps 10-15 minutes of the 2 hour-plus film deals with the Black Dahlia, the rest is, well, hard to describe...but the word "camp" does come to mind.  The Black Dahlia herself is sadly virtually ignored here, as is any relation to actual events or reality. This is an incredibly mean-spirited and vicious mis
 need to read any further.<p>"DTF" is the movie version of "The Red Green Show," a CBC production shown only on PBS stations in the US (and on CBC, if your cable or satellite system carries it). It's hard to describe in a few words, other than to say it's about the "inadequacy" of the human male, while also conveying an implicit misogyny, in a Zoroastrian sort of way. Though "Home Improvement" starts from roughly
ainst the cardboard, causing scratches if theres any sort of dirt or dust in there.  Another VERY MINOR annoyance to me was the very front flap would fold in the improper spot, again, very minor, and hard to describe, but it did it for every season, so I'm sure others have noticed what I'm talking about.  The holders are made from 1 long sheet of paper, folded several times.  Then, when placed in the box, the dis
review/text: This film is incredible.  Not because it is good, but because it is so horribly bad.  And its very clear that they didn't mean it to be so bad.  Its hard to describe exactly what is so bad about it.  its actually a very well made movie. (except for the boom in the shot in one of the first scenes)  The acting is actually not very bad, I've seen much worse in TV sh
>Based on the Cormac McCarthy novel, the Coens do a good job of adapting his material to film. (Much better than Billy Bob did in the past, at least.) It's certainly an odd film to watch (and equally hard to describe), but a powerful one nonetheless. The use of silence in the movie is a testament to how well the Coens understand their craft; rarely do you see any film using silence to this degree pull it off so d
o say much more as it may give too much away.<br /><br />Overall, a great movie.  I would have loved to have seen more Alec baldwin, but his character is very memorable in the movie.<br /><br />It is hard to describe, the movie was good but watched very much so like a play (which makes sense because it was based off of a play).<br /><br />I would say if you are into drama and liked Wall Street (the movie is about
review/text: This movie is really hard to describe. First of all, Michael Caine did a  fine job but his performance didn't strike me as oscar caliber. Secondly,  the movie seemed a bit to preachy about the pros and cons of abortion.  Third, the sex s
review/text: What is life like in a not too distant future? What we think is good today, can be barbaric tomorrow. It's hard to describe what this movie is about without giving the answer. You better see it to believe it.
review/text: This is one of my favorite movies by Mr. Campbell. It is very similar to quite a few SiFi/Horror flicks of the early and mid sixties. It is hard to describe the fun parts of this movie without going into details and giving some of the good bits away. It is funny only in that special way Mr. Campbell has of making something dark laughable. If you are a fa
in the audience didn't get it.  But I've been an outspoken SpongeBob fan for years.  Hell, I'll bet I like the television show even more than my children do -- and they like it a lot.<br /><br />It's hard to describe this film, at least in a way that will do it justice.  Is it great?  In it's own twisted, surreal way, sure.  It's littered with double entendres, to be sure, and a few nautical butt cheeks, too.  I 
review/text: *sigh*  Absolutely amazing show, and the feeling I have right now after watching the single season is hard to describe.  I'm holding down the urge to march outside of Fox studios demanding a new birth of this show.  Clever, intelligent programing never looked so good.  Stupid Fox...
 haunting with great light and shadow filming very atmospheric vampire film this Black and white film is better than most color vampire films it gives the film a very eerie feeling of quality that is hard to describe if you never seen this you are in for a treat see what a master film maker can do with a great horror movie this has to be one of the best horror films I have seen there are some nice classic horror 
review/text: Ah....um........errr.......yeah, well, hard to describe this as it was just so off the normal zombie map.  Picked it up at WallyWorld ( you know who I mean) for $9.95 and figured, if it bites, literally, I'm only out a little.  Low budget but filmed well,
etter idea of the rhythm of their lives, but not really a better idea of how they live or why they live that way. I see the attraction of the focused lifestyle, but year after year. Wow. The movie is hard to describe. The movie consists of a collection of different snapshots of the lives of the monks, I think using the rhythm of the prayer times and the seasons to pull the snapshots all together. There isn't a na
igger and bigger as the episode goes on. It's just so entertaining and the cast do an excellent job in my opinion. One of my favorite episodes was from season one entitled "the Baby Shower." But it's hard to describe my favorite part because there are three subplots for Jerry, Elaine and George. And that's another thing, many times the whole episode feels like a subplot but each subplot is combined together brill
they are revealed in the entire ambience Hitch successfully creates: The dreamy settings entrance you and pull you into their spell; The film's key images haunt you long after the film is over. It is hard to describe the power Vertigo contains: It ought simply to be experienced; Let its themes and images and sounds wash over you.<p>When I am drawn back to the film, it is precisely because of that sense of yearnin
review/text: Today, it is probably hard to describe how brilliant "Phantasm" seemed in its year of release:  quite simply, there was nothing else like it in the American cinema.  "Phantasm" is literally a dream put on film; the fact that Don Coscarell
review/text: I bought both of his DVDs and gave them away and had to buy another set for my library. It is hard to describe how funny Dunham and his characters are.
 juevenile prison camp in a desert in Texas. Those who like the book are almost sure to enjoy the movie. However, those who have never read the book will probably enjoy the movie as well. The film is hard to describe because it is such a hybrid of so many different things. It is both a chain-gang film (like COOL HAND LUKE) and a buddy picture, with elements of a Western thrown in. The acting is solid and the soun
 juevenile prison camp in a desert in Texas. Those who like the book are almost sure to enjoy the movie. However, those who have never read the book will probably enjoy the movie as well. The film is hard to describe because it is such a hybrid of so many different things. It is both a chain-gang film (like COOL HAND LUKE) and a buddy picture, with elements of a Western thrown in. The acting is solid and the soun
o say much more as it may give too much away.<br /><br />Overall, a great movie.  I would have loved to have seen more Alec baldwin, but his character is very memorable in the movie.<br /><br />It is hard to describe, the movie was good but watched very much so like a play (which makes sense because it was based off of a play).<br /><br />I would say if you are into drama and liked Wall Street (the movie is about
. It was different from the rest, which made it stand out. There was a decent creep-factor, enough to make me jump at times. The characters were not the gung-ho "paranormal researchers"; it's kind of hard to describe, but they were not as "showy" as in other movies. The plot was simple enough: Psychologist and team were called in to examine the situation happening to a widower and his children. Strange stuff star
review/text: It's hard to describe Andy Richter Controls the Universe.  It seems as if several shows that have sprung up on television in recent years have "borrowed" mightily from Universe.  Scrubs, Arrested Development, It's Always 
n head hand puppet and there is a kill scene that looks eerily realistic.  A young man is stabbed in the stomach with a large bone-cutting knife and instead of a quick cut to another scene..well it's hard to describe but it's the look of resignation on the young mans face about what is happening to him that makes this scene a little unusual.<br /><br />Intruder is not intended for anyone expecting art but in it's
review/text: It's hard to describe this movie - campy, yes, strange, definitely unsettling.  But it's the John Massari score that stands out for me.  I'm pleased to see that the soundtrack for Killer Klowns is now available.  It's wor
review/text: I watched this movie on a plane flight from Chicago to Portland. All in all I'd rather have slept. This film is hard to describe, because it intentionally tries (very hard) to be clever and quirky. The writer seems to have a headware fetish as people wearing hats of every conceivable kind seems to be a major objective of the f
review/text: Ah....um........errr.......yeah, well, hard to describe this as it was just so off the normal zombie map.  Picked it up at WallyWorld ( you know who I mean) for $9.95 and figured, if it bites, literally, I'm only out a little.  Low budget but filmed well,
review/text: Well, this movie is a bit hard to describe.  Any Muppet Show fans out there?  There are many paralells, which I will get to in a moment, but imagine the muppet show from the aniti-matter dimension and you'll start to get the picture.<br /><br
 films that doesn't come along much anymore.  It is not a remake or based loosely off a video game. This film is a smart, creative, original, and beautifully crafted masterpiece.  It's actually quite hard to describe because it is indeed very different.<br /><br />The script itself is largely complex at times.  Many twists and turns leave the viewer wondering what the hell is going on.  This makes The Prestige ve
ually.  Certainly wasn't too hard to look at either!<br /><br />Nolan's directing is so incredible here.  The man puts his heart in his art and it shows 100%.  The way the film is shot is also almost hard to describe because it is absolutely beautiful in every sense of the word.  The lighting and photography go beyond incredible.  The two work together  perfectly creating the slightly dark mood for the film and i
 her other siblings, Peter, Susan and Edmund and actually get caught up in a war: Narnians versus those loyal to the evil White Witch. And helping them out is the almighty lion Aslan.<br /><br />It's hard to describe Narnia(or Lord of the Rings or Harry Potter for that matter) without saying stuff like almighty, magical and whatnot but the nice thing about the film is that it doesn't over explain too much. One pr
review/text: I'm an avid fan of fantasy, and while it's been a number of years, I remember having the book read to me in elementary school.  The film brings to life a certain enchantment that's hard to describe in words.  The music and the assortment of Narnia's characters are the definite working charms here.  That being said, I have one major complaint: this would have been much better had it been produce
review/text: It's hard to describe this great show. It has everything, comedy, suspense, drama, mystery, love stories, but at the very core is a deep affection that binds all the women to each other. They fight and argue but they are 
/>The cinematography is some of the most interesting ever.  Studying it could be the sole focus of an entire graduate film program, and they still not might be able to cover it in its entirety.  It's hard to describe the power of scenes like after Hoffman reveals to his girlfriend that her mother was the woman he was with.  As he walks away defeated, the camera pans out and the look in Mrs. Robinson's eyes says s
review/text: I had the definite fortune of seeing this film for the first time as a midnight show in an actual theater many years ago. I'd been a Beatlemaniac for several years, and it is hard to describe the feeling of actually seeing and hearing live, moving Beatles after seeing b&w stills of the movie for years in magazines, etc.<br />This film remains staunchly in my top 10 movies of all time, bar
review/text: It's hard to describe the feelings this picture inspires. James Fenimore Cooper's book was one classic I read a couple of times when I was a teenager. The archaic English and the possible improbability of the story never 
 film doesn't go the way you'd expect with a psychopathic or possessed child. Writer/director Paul Solet is a little more inventive, yet it's his script that is one of the film's weakest points. It's hard to describe what the problem is exactly, as Grace moves at a slow pace yet the film sort of jumps right into the story and begins piling on the twists. It's strange but it doesn't feel like Solet had enough mate
review/text: I actually quite liked this one.  I am a real horrror fan and found this break from the slasher mode to be enjoyable.  It's hard to describe: a bit Rosemary's Baby, Repulsion, It's Alive, maybe some Dracula ... really good though.  A slow pace here, so it's definitely not a thrill or jump per minute.  Nice direction and lighting.  Good pe
e; this is NOT a science fiction movie at heart, but an intense and accurate look at humanity.<br /><br />So accurate, really, that it makes me feel like a new person  after every time I see it; it's hard to describe, but it's as if for a brief period of time, I see everything in the world clearly and know exactly where my role is.<br /><br />Everything in this movie actually DOES make sense. I've watched it thre
iliar with director Zack Snyder's previous films (the remake of "Dawn of the Dead", "300", "Watchmen") or anyone who's seen a trailer of the movie, should know exactly what to expect.<br /><br />It's hard to describe the plot because there's plenty open to interpretation.  The movie follows a girl, played by Emily Browning, known to the audience mostly as "Babydoll."  Locked away in an insane asylum, she and/or t
review/text: I was very surprised how much I enjoyed this movie; it was much darker than I had thought it would be and the ending was really sad (to me at least).  Very hard to describe this but I guess I would call it a Rock n Roll Cyberpunk Action Thriller Drama.  This is definately not for young children but teenagers and adults that enjoy edgy movies will find this a winner.
mistreat the animal, and then Gappa's far from long-extinct parents show up to stomp around Japan for awhile in search of their little Gappa bundle of joy.  These monsters are rather unimpressive and hard to describe.  They can't decide if they want to fly, swim, or walk, and they have bird-like beaks and long, whip-enabled tails; I swear one of them has a fake beard, and the other one seems to adorn itself with 
iliar with director Zack Snyder's previous films (the remake of "Dawn of the Dead", "300", "Watchmen") or anyone who's seen a trailer of the movie, should know exactly what to expect.<br /><br />It's hard to describe the plot because there's plenty open to interpretation.  The movie follows a girl, played by Emily Browning, known to the audience mostly as "Babydoll."  Locked away in an insane asylum, she and/or t
review/text: I was very surprised how much I enjoyed this movie; it was much darker than I had thought it would be and the ending was really sad (to me at least).  Very hard to describe this but I guess I would call it a Rock n Roll Cyberpunk Action Thriller Drama.  This is definately not for young children but teenagers and adults that enjoy edgy movies will find this a winner.
entured out on a cold and snowy Friday afternoon to see a cinema society screening seemed to enjoy it as well. The surroundings and the receptive audience only made the movie that much better.<p>It's hard to describe the movie to friends...a movie about a dwarf who likes trains and inherits an abandoned depot. I simply tell them that it is about so much more than trains. But there are those "been there, done that
d the scenery is absolutely amazing. I own the soundtrack to this movie and it is a pure joy to listen to. Especially when I am walking early in the morning. The music is so beautiful. It's litreally hard to describe. It's like listening to sounds from Heaven if Heaven exists.<br /><br />As far as the story goes - We see things from the point of view of various characters. The two main ones being Confederate Gene
/>The cinematography is some of the most interesting ever.  Studying it could be the sole focus of an entire graduate film program, and they still not might be able to cover it in its entirety.  It's hard to describe the power of scenes like after Hoffman reveals to his girlfriend that her mother was the woman he was with.  As he walks away defeated, the camera pans out and the look in Mrs. Robinson's eyes says s
review/text: It's extremely hard to describe this movie in words...this movie is just too good.  Finnaly there is a horror movie for those of us who appreciate "real" horror movies.  I was getting really tired of all the so called horror movies
gs in the world must balance.  Bruce Willis and Samuel L. Jackson both gave stellar performances in the primary roles.  I find myself at a loss for words (which happens infrequently) ... this film is hard to describe without giving away too much of the plot.  Willis portrays a man who can't be injured ... Jackson, a man who is very easily hurt physically.  The film has some childhood flashback scenes for both cha
 upcoming play.  She has the tools to be the good half of the Swan Queen but the instructor played by Vincent Cassell is skeptical about Nina's ability to be dark and seductive.  But beyond that it's hard to describe what exactly is going on because it's a very intriguing yet difficult movie to understand and on top of that can take on many different interpretations.  What some people believe is nothing more than
 upcoming play.  She has the tools to be the good half of the Swan Queen but the instructor played by Vincent Cassell is skeptical about Nina's ability to be dark and seductive.  But beyond that it's hard to describe what exactly is going on because it's a very intriguing yet difficult movie to understand and on top of that can take on many different interpretations.  What some people believe is nothing more than
review/text: If you can get past the low production values and mediocre acting, this is a great series. It's hard to describe but I would say its a mix of Monty Python, Saturday Night Live and South Park. There is lots of dry English wit, puns, slapstick, obsurd and over the top characters and costumes, surprisingly good mu
hen he flicks them. Could he be in a dream? If he is, what is the nature of this dream? What is its purpose? Where is it taking him? Most importantly, can he wake from it?<br /><br />The animation is hard to describe, which is a compliment really. In terms of motion, very often its realistic. As for shape, perspective, colors, facial experessions and such, you're only really shown a vague impression of what's the
s Character.  Lots of flash backs based that give context and depth to his current problem make for a really interesting story.  The movie is certainly a drama with lots of romance interwoven.  It is hard to describe the story without revealing much.  Much of the movie is him pitching, while flashing back to memories of his life with a girlfriend.<br /><br />One thing that I loved, but also kind bother me was Vin
s Character.  Lots of flash backs based that give context and depth to his current problem make for a really interesting story.  The movie is certainly a drama with lots of romance interwoven.  It is hard to describe the story without revealing much.  Much of the movie is him pitching, while flashing back to memories of his life with a girlfriend.<br /><br />One thing that I loved, but also kind bother me was Vin
review/text: This film is incredible.  Not because it is good, but because it is so horribly bad.  And its very clear that they didn't mean it to be so bad.  Its hard to describe exactly what is so bad about it.  its actually a very well made movie. (except for the boom in the shot in one of the first scenes)  The acting is actually not very bad, I've seen much worse in TV sh
 the most ingenious, original, refreshing horror films ever. Psychologically disturbing, supernaturally haunting, and bloody and violent and grotesque in the most brilliant way.<br /><br />It is very hard to describe this film without giving away any of the plot, and some on here have done that (or have tried), and to do so would ruin the film for those who haven't seen it. For the whole point of the film is the 
one of the most ingenious, original, refreshing horror films ever. Psychologically disturbing, supernaturally haunting, and bloody and violent and grotesque in the most brilliant way.<br />It is very hard to describe this film without giving away any of the plot, and some on here have done that (or have tried), and to do so would ruin the film for those who haven't seen it. For the whole point of the film is the 
in the audience didn't get it.  But I've been an outspoken SpongeBob fan for years.  Hell, I'll bet I like the television show even more than my children do -- and they like it a lot.<br /><br />It's hard to describe this film, at least in a way that will do it justice.  Is it great?  In it's own twisted, surreal way, sure.  It's littered with double entendres, to be sure, and a few nautical butt cheeks, too.  I 
review/text: movies like this are really hard to describe.<br />people get 'rubbed out&quot; and you love it. two of<br />my favorite actors-gabriel byrne and jeff goldblum-<br />do a geat job but the kudos have to go to the<br />writer and director of the 
review/text: One of the darkest descents into hopleless, bleak, despair I have ever seen but with a fight! The main character is completely corrupt as a human. Well, maybe not completely. It's hard to describe without spoiling. He is righteous for the wrong reasons. How about that? There are two scenes in this flick that I think would upset 85% of the movie going population. Possibly more. The other 15% of
e background, behind the swishing of the leaves and the twittering of this little bird comes a piano and French horn duet that absolutely fascinated me with it's solemn, haunting mellowness.  <p>It's hard to describe how powerfully the soundtrack melds into the visuals in this version of the classic children's book.  Usually, the soundtrack provides an underpinning for the visuals and tries not to get in the way 
 series is so perfect, the acting, the cinematography, the editing, the pacing, the choice of actors, the audio...this television series puts many feature films to shame.<br /><br />Wallander is very hard to describe simply, or in a manner that reflects the film. On the one hand, it's a detective who done it murder mystery. On the other it's an exploration of detective Wallander, the person, where he lives, his d
review/text: One of the darkest descents into hopleless, bleak, despair I have ever seen but with a fight! The main character is completely corrupt as a human. Well, maybe not completely. It's hard to describe without spoiling. He is righteous for the wrong reasons. How about that? There are two scenes in this flick that I think would upset 85% of the movie going population. Possibly more. The other 15% of
since it came out too close to the Columbine shootings. (Honestly which was ridiculous.)<p>Moving on, my review of the movie of course is as biased as the rest. I loved it from beginning to end. It's hard to describe (in a worthwhile way) unless you see it yourself. The plot was told to me by a cousin and I really didn't want to watch it, but not even half the way through the movie I was in love with it, and boug
ual flair.  From the disturbing mind of Carl which encompasses a rather surprising setpiece involving a horse, to the serene desert of a little boys mind, the sheer staggering beauty of the images is hard to describe.  But on top of this, Tarsem shows an exceptional talent for storytelling also.  He cuts between the search for the missing girl, and &quot;J.Lo&quot; searching the mind of Carl with absolute precisi
good time chewing the scenery and overacting to extreme levels.<br /><br />Of course, that also means that like other reviewers have noted, there are a few scenes that just fall flat.<br /><br />It's hard to describe this movie and in many ways harder to rate it.  Even in the extra about the movie the one director admits that four different men directed different segments, there were rewrites up to the last minut
e appeal of great Disney movies attract adults as well) and I felt mocked and underestimated as a viewer.<br />Do you know the cute funny things that are in Disney cartoons that make you smile? (it's hard to describe it another way). Well, there was none of that in Cinderella II which leads me to believe that this film was created only to make a few extra bucks and not enough time was put into it.<br />And simply
e appeal of great Disney movies attract adults as well) and I felt mocked and underestimated as a viewer.<br />Do you know the cute funny things that are in Disney cartoons that make you smile? (it's hard to describe it another way). Well, there was none of that in Cinderella II which leads me to believe that this film was created only to make a few extra bucks and not enough time was put into it.<br />And simply
review/text: This was such a piece of [film] it's hard to describe.  I bought it based on the cover, thought I was getting a 'kung fu' flick, you know lots of choreographed fights, etc.  It was just a [bad] bunch of meaningless stuff strung together and called a mov
gs in the world must balance.  Bruce Willis and Samuel L. Jackson both gave stellar performances in the primary roles.  I find myself at a loss for words (which happens infrequently) ... this film is hard to describe without giving away too much of the plot.  Willis portrays a man who can't be injured ... Jackson, a man who is very easily hurt physically.  The film has some childhood flashback scenes for both cha
like Napoleon Dynamite in that it's not a movie for everyone.  It's violent but in a cartoonish way.  Also, it is subtitled and I know some people don't want to have to read subtitles.  It's honestly hard to describe.  It is a kung fu movie and a comedyand a love story and a morality play and a live action cartoon all in one.  It's one of those movies that you will either love or you'll hate.  I loved it!
e decides to choose another, resulting in similar scenarios.  Obviously this is a visual gag, so much will be lost reading about it here.  There's so much overall nuttiness going on in this film it's hard to describe it, but if you dig on zany Three Stooges antics, you'll probably enjoy this feature.  Hardcore film fans may also get a kick out of the film as there's plenty of references to other films, in particu
ely, mmmmmmm...), the effects were worthy of an  Academy Award.  Great direction by Proyas (same guy who brought us The  Crow) and a terrific script (which, by the way won a Bram Stoker Award).  It's hard to describe this movie, a little bit of noir, a little bit of  Blade Runner, and a striking resemblance to the Borg of Star Trek: The Next  Generation.  But it's not a Star Trek movie by a longshot.  Eyecatching
review/text: I find it a little hard to describe why I like I, Robot so much. I feel drawn to the movie again and again. In a certain fashion, this is typical of the work of Alex Proyas, the director of I, Robot. Alex Proyas is probably best known 
review/text: Amores perros is a movie that depicts a specific (3) story of typical lives of society in Mexico city. I really like these movies that will conserve through time the culture that is hard to describe in other arts.<br />must watch for those who love to understand this culture.
review/text: It's is hard to describe this film in words!!! Everything about this film is amazing, stylish, and plainly eye candy with each action scene eclipsing the last. This film is based on the comic book series called "Sin City", a
ers in the foreground with an open field of heartland America in the background. I finally got to see HOOSIERS on video and I am sure glad that I did. This is one of my all-time favorite movies. It's hard to describe but this movie is what America is all about. Great performances, photography and a brilliantly emotionally charged score composed by Jerry Goldsmith contribute to the success of this film. One critic
ers in the foreground with an open field of heartland America in the background. I finally got to see HOOSIERS on video and I am sure glad that I did. This is one of my all-time favorite movies. It's hard to describe but this movie is what America is all about. Great performances, photography and a brilliantly emotionally charged score composed by Jerry Goldsmith contribute to the success of this film. One critic
ers in the foreground with an open field of heartland America in the background. I finally got to see HOOSIERS on video and I am sure glad that I did. This is one of my all-time favorite movies. It's hard to describe but this movie is what America is all about. Great performances, photography and a brilliantly emotionally charged score composed by Jerry Goldsmith contribute to the success of this film. One critic
not everyone will like this movie, but the ones with artistic heart will taste the flavor of a fantastic production.  It's bizarre, it's different, it's so many things at the same time, that it is so hard to describe.  You will have to pay atention to understand the meaning and that's just one of the good sides.  This isn't a hollywood mega hit movie, but it have so much potential thanks to it's poetic feeling, t
ewer is accustomed to it, it ends up adding to the surreal and mysterious atmosphere.  I really don't think the movie would have had as strong an effect if it had been in colour.<p>In any case, it is hard to describe how perfect this movie was, how well the plot fit together, that amazing feeling I got while watching it as everything began to fit into place... Just go see it!
review/text: It's kind of hard to describe why I loved this movie; I shouldn't be surprised at all to find that I appreciated a Pixar or Brad Bird movie so much, but considering that it stars one of the more disgusting and vile creatures on t
 on and on about this film but suffice to say that so far I haven't met anyone who didn't find "Raising Arizona" hilarious. And as any great Coen brothers film, it has a certain mythic quality that's hard to describe, but is present all of of the brothers' best efforts. When I was single, I often used Coen brothers films as a barometer of sorts for prospective boyfriends. For instance, I remember seeing "Fargo" o
m starts with a gruesome murder, but quickly chops to clever cutting and pasting of a variety of scenes of black comedy, downright hilarity and impartial violence. I won't spoil the plot, but it's so hard to describe I think that'd be difficult anyway. This film doesn't have a twist in it's plot, rather the entire film is constructed of spins and contradictions that keep you guessing two paces behind the screenpl
on to see what everyone was talking about.<br /><br />I watched the entire Season 1 in one weekend. It was that riveting, so much so that I could not pull myself away from Eli Stone.<br /><br />It is hard to describe the series except to say it is about a lawyer who develops a brain aneurysm which causes him to have prohpetic visions. Yeah, I know, that doesn't sound all that unique, right?<br /><br />But I am te
nce by Craig Bierko who is cute but quite believable as a cutthroat murderer.<br /><br />The music on this film is also good. Part of why I liked it so much is the 70's/80's songs that are used. It's hard to describe the songs, but they just fit really well with this movie.<br /><br />The Long Kiss Goodnight is great fun because it's actually FUNNY.  The humor is intelligent. It's not like some action films where
e fairy leads her, turning into a green goblin creature, which speaks like Tinkerbell. She meets Fauno inside, who's hiding from the rest of the world, and is a mix of so many different animals, it's hard to describe. She then discovers she's actually a princess, and the princess's soul has been brought back through her. But she has to complete three challenges, in order to see if she belongs with the mortals or 
review/text: This film is uniquely beautiful, especially in high definition.  Its hard to describe it justly, but its almost a visual meditation - no narration or dialog, just a stream of consciousness showing scenes of nature and of mankind, both striking and beautiful.  Its quite a visual feast 
erwards that you truly experienced a global tour.<p>Baraka begins at a rather cautious pace, and as each scene passes by your vision, the intensity and depth slowly but steadily increases. It's a bit hard to describe, but I feel in a way that it causes the viewer to look inward at his/her own view of what the world is about and what life means. In a way, it compells you to ask yourself some deep questions. Make s
 acquire a Blu-ray player.". Most reviews before this date 10-30-08 are most likely for the DVD version. I have a 47 inch LG LCD 1080p tv and a brand new Panasonic DMP-DB35 Blu-ray disk player. It is hard to describe how good this movie looks on my TV. The movie has no dialog and is a series of scenes from around the world set to music. There is no computer animation in this movie but the movie was recorded on 65
review/text: DUDE! this movie was AWESOME! it was wicked funny but hard to describe. it was full of surprise and it was cool. u have to pay attention and follow along. U HAVE TO SEE THIS MOVIE!!! only one more thing to say.........................................SHIBBYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!
review/text: DUDE! this movie was AWESOME! it was wicked funny but hard to describe. it was full of surprise and it was cool. u have to pay attention and follow along. U HAVE TO SEE THIS MOVIE!!! only one more thing to say.........................................SHIBBYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!
<br />The soundtrack ranges from the otherworldly to Eskimo throat singing. (You've got to hear it)<br />It is a very dark comedy but has a surprisingly light touch and a goofy feel-good style. It is hard to describe. It is like "Crossroads" meets "Road Warrior" but everybody is already dead.
<br />The soundtrack ranges from the otherworldly to Eskimo throat singing. (You've got to hear it)<br />It is a very dark comedy but has a surprisingly light touch and a goofy feel-good style. It is hard to describe. It is like "Crossroads" meets "Road Warrior" but everybody is already dead.
hannyn Sossamon is delightful, the appearance of Tom Waits is always fun, and there's a wonderful turn from Shea Whigham, who centers most everything with guidance, wisdom and reckless behavior. It's hard to describe, but it's a terrific lesson against teen suicide, a subject that could be very un-PC, if not in the hands of visionary Dukic. Not for everyone, but a fun ride for those adventurous souls who apprecia
 Raimi drives everything with his unique direction that places the action somewhere between a horror and a cartoon. It has great camera work, frantic shots and a real flair for the unreal; it is very hard to describe but it can be seen it many of his films.<br /><br />Campbell's ongoing cult status has only been helped recently by Bubba Ho-tep but this is where it basically began and part II only sees his continu
hat space into Neo and Smith getting it on in some way shape or form. The screenplay should have been revised from the start instead of plowing so much money into the Zion action sequence. It is very hard to describe what an utter disappointment this film was. It could possibly be one of worst mega-budget pictures ever made. Fans will feel downright conned. Those who are looking for popcorn fodder will probably f
lm features an Oscar-Winning screenplay, superb acting from Kate Hudson, Patrick Fugit, and Billy Crudup, and a story you will never forget.  There is so much to appreciate about this film that it is hard to describe it without rambling on and on.  So, bottom line: See this film!
ely, mmmmmmm...), the effects were worthy of an  Academy Award.  Great direction by Proyas (same guy who brought us The  Crow) and a terrific script (which, by the way won a Bram Stoker Award).  It's hard to describe this movie, a little bit of noir, a little bit of  Blade Runner, and a striking resemblance to the Borg of Star Trek: The Next  Generation.  But it's not a Star Trek movie by a longshot.  Eyecatching
ual flair.  From the disturbing mind of Carl which encompasses a rather surprising setpiece involving a horse, to the serene desert of a little boys mind, the sheer staggering beauty of the images is hard to describe.  But on top of this, Tarsem shows an exceptional talent for storytelling also.  He cuts between the search for the missing girl, and &quot;J.Lo&quot; searching the mind of Carl with absolute precisi
 two particular scenes I recall, in this movie, that express Heidi's cursiousity of the world and beauty in everyday things, in a very simple way that touched me and made me feel so wonderful.  (It's hard to describe what I mean without using specifics, but I don't like to give anything away, even little things, about a movie for those who haven't seen it.)  I recommend that you try out this movie, a movie that h
ordered off of<br />Amazon. Greatest site to order stuff that is obscure. So the show only lasted for two seasons to my dismay. When I asked the fellow in the second hand shop about the show, he said hard to describe but something like Six Feet Under. Since I loved Six Feet Under I thought give it a try. Although death plays a big role in both shows, they are certainly coming from a different view of death, both 
nce by Craig Bierko who is cute but quite believable as a cutthroat murderer.<br /><br />The music on this film is also good. Part of why I liked it so much is the 70's/80's songs that are used. It's hard to describe the songs, but they just fit really well with this movie.<br /><br />The Long Kiss Goodnight is great fun because it's actually FUNNY.  The humor is intelligent. It's not like some action films where
nte and Tom  Tykwer, it is absolutely riveting.<p>For all these reasons and more, see  this movie.  I love this movie so much, and I've probably seen it well over  10 times, but at the same time it's hard to describe WHY I love it.  I've  tried to do that here, but I really can't.  You are just going to have to  see it to believe it.
e fairy leads her, turning into a green goblin creature, which speaks like Tinkerbell. She meets Fauno inside, who's hiding from the rest of the world, and is a mix of so many different animals, it's hard to describe. She then discovers she's actually a princess, and the princess's soul has been brought back through her. But she has to complete three challenges, in order to see if she belongs with the mortals or 
review/text: This was such a piece of [film] it's hard to describe.  I bought it based on the cover, thought I was getting a 'kung fu' flick, you know lots of choreographed fights, etc.  It was just a [bad] bunch of meaningless stuff strung together and called a mov
n head hand puppet and there is a kill scene that looks eerily realistic.  A young man is stabbed in the stomach with a large bone-cutting knife and instead of a quick cut to another scene..well it's hard to describe but it's the look of resignation on the young mans face about what is happening to him that makes this scene a little unusual.<br /><br />Intruder is not intended for anyone expecting art but in it's
tter than Laputa (Castle in the Sky), Spirited Away, or even Mononoke. As amazingly imaginative and touching as those movies are, I found Nausicaa to be even moreso. It just moved me in a way that is hard to describe. Visualy, the film is just plain beautiful. Even by today's standards. The music, as someone else stated, is haunting. Miyazaki's wonderful inventiveness is at its greatest here; the unusual post-apo
 between two individuals cuts to a second set of characters fighting. These two are momentarily seperated and one of the combatants from the first fight stumbles backwards between them. In print it's hard to describe, but on film it brings a sense of connection to scenes that are really utter chaos. It allows the action to go non-stop without boring or confusing the viewer. And that makes the chaos so much more d
in Christmas town. He was looking at everything with wonder, the snow, the elves, presents, and even Santa Clause. Later he comes back to Halloween Town to tell everyone about what he saw. But it was hard to describe.  After many expirements with Christmas he decides he wants to kidnapp Santa clause and become Santa himself. He changes his image and brings Christmas to Halloween.<br /><br />This is a great film. 
review/text: I took my 7 year old son to see this movie today, and there was a point in the movie where I had "that feeling."  This is a feeling I don't often get watching a movie.  It is hard to describe it, but I know that the next time, and every other time I see that spot in the film, this thrill will return.  The last time I got that thrill was when I saw "Fellowship of the Ring," and I got to th
rs out, gradually recovers, and can't remember a thing. He meets a number of people, most of whom help him in some way or another. He meets a Salvation Army woman and a relationship developes.<p>It's hard to describe this movie. The dialoque is often funny, but delivered absolutely deadpan. There is no excitement, but a rich development of story and relationships through incidents that happen to the lead characte
, but the lead character's acting as an autistic girl was very.... weird. She came off looking more like a whiny child to me and I found her very annoying when she'd speak. I don't know, it's kind of hard to describe.<br />The movie was fine until she'd start to talk, and then it just didn't hold together.<br /><br />The fight scenes are amazing though, and the premise of the story was pretty good for what it was
kes movies once a decade or so. His style of narrative storytelling can be initially jarring, but that's only because his work is so unique when compared to more mainstream Hollywood directors. It is hard to describe what The New World is like. It is essentially the inspiring story of Pocahontas' transformation from old world Native American to new world English lady, but it is so much more than that. Malick does
re. You have to sort of watch the others and this back to back to see the difference. I just find his verbal scenes in this one a lot less satisfying, the Hannibal signature is starting to lack. It's hard to describe.<br /><br />2. The new main character, Edward Norton, is a great actor HOWEVER he does not fit this role nearly as well as his predecessors. He just doesn't have it. He's a fantastic actor in other m
 emotion with the Bride, Bill, and B.B., any film lover will relish the opportunity to watch and rewatch this as a classic.  The final act at Bill's place feels so classic and surreal, it's just very hard to describe.  The wide variety of emotions, from anger and longing to love and regret, combined with fantastic Tarantino dialogue and some quick bursts of action, all come together to create an immortal moment i
review/text: Awesome is only just one of the words to use. There's so many, but it's rather hard to describe the hand of God. This is good to watch while facing trials and troubles. By the time you end this video you'll forget what you were facing. It ends like every battle you let the Lord handle. With VIC
, interesting and endearing than the initial impression gives.<br />Even the side characters like Tony the bodyguard come off as being very plausible, likable and multi-faceted.<br /><br />Fantastic, hard to describe experience.
ly good action movie topic like Alexander the Great, but it was incredibley boring.<br /><br />First of all, the dialogue is awful. And when I say awful, I mean AWFUL. Why is it awful, that's kind of hard to describe. People just randomly arguing with eachother every second for no reason in particular except to add to the drama. As well as this, everything sounds incredibly awkward. no matter what the context. It
since it came out too close to the Columbine shootings. (Honestly which was ridiculous.)<p>Moving on, my review of the movie of course is as biased as the rest. I loved it from beginning to end. It's hard to describe (in a worthwhile way) unless you see it yourself. The plot was told to me by a cousin and I really didn't want to watch it, but not even half the way through the movie I was in love with it, and boug
review/text: Part drama, part horror, part satire, and part fable.... NO SUCH THING is a movie that is hard to describe but that is engaging to watch. The Monster (played by Robert John Burke) is a tragically moving and thought provoking character and is well balanced by the naively innocent Beatrice (Sarah Polley). T
d a talking brain. (You heard me right.) The evil madman tries to tap into these children's dreams so that he may try and gain a soul.<p>Ok, if you're still reading this, clearly your intrigued. It's hard to describe the look and feel of this movie. It's got a little of everything, sci-fi, fantasy, drama, and comedy. It's dark and light at the same time. Sci-fi action enthusiasts should know that this really does
t movies you have ever seen. If you work in an office enviroment, or work in the IT sector this movie is the best. You'll particularly like the gangland beating of the office printer. <p>The story is hard to describe, but if I had to I would say that it's the story of a man on his quest to do nothing... absolutely nothing. <p>I recommend this movie if you are between 14 and 50. A little younger could watch it but
since it came out too close to the Columbine shootings. (Honestly which was ridiculous.)<p>Moving on, my review of the movie of course is as biased as the rest. I loved it from beginning to end. It's hard to describe (in a worthwhile way) unless you see it yourself. The plot was told to me by a cousin and I really didn't want to watch it, but not even half the way through the movie I was in love with it, and boug
 guy had asked about her, she doesn't know what to do - and so she winds up acting like "a total geek" every time he's around.<br /><br />There are so many other little story lines going on that it's hard to describe it all here.  Suffice it to say that there are many hysterical moments - where you laugh till your cheeks hurt - and many others where your heart goes out to this "poor teen".  It brings back SOoooo 
 juevenile prison camp in a desert in Texas. Those who like the book are almost sure to enjoy the movie. However, those who have never read the book will probably enjoy the movie as well. The film is hard to describe because it is such a hybrid of so many different things. It is both a chain-gang film (like COOL HAND LUKE) and a buddy picture, with elements of a Western thrown in. The acting is solid and the soun
s Character.  Lots of flash backs based that give context and depth to his current problem make for a really interesting story.  The movie is certainly a drama with lots of romance interwoven.  It is hard to describe the story without revealing much.  Much of the movie is him pitching, while flashing back to memories of his life with a girlfriend.<br /><br />One thing that I loved, but also kind bother me was Vin
, and it feels incredible. I have watched this movie more than any other movie and it never gets old. I saw it 15+ times in the theater and watched it many more times on DVD. Saying that, it is still hard to describe this movie. Visually STUNNING, from start to finish each scene is a visual masterpiece, a work of art.  The soundtrack and music compliments the visuals perfectly, and the song of the closing scene i
ath of least resistance, and he bigamously marries Maude! The situation turns into a comedy of errors as Rob tries to balance two marriages, and inevitable it all comes crashing down.<br /><br />It's hard to describe this movie. On one hand it is a very funny movie, one that keeps you laughing almost all the way through. On the other hand, it is not really disrespectful of the subject of bigamy. You know Rob is g
review/text: This is a movie that drips with cheese.<br />Silly special effects, basic plot, one dimensional characters.<br /><br />And it's one of my favorite movies of all time.<br /><br />It's hard to describe why I like this movie so much. Maybe it's because I grew up watching Kung Fu Theater as a kid, and so have a special place in my heart for bad effects with guys flying around on wires and the like.<b
twist and turns but there is a problem with it. As much as I enjoy Mamet's work, I'm not a push over for him. I'll call it like I see it. And the final act of the film is slightly disappointing. It's hard to describe without spoiling the film, so my statements may seem vague, but after you've seen the movie you'll unerstand. The resolution to the movie is not handled in the manner I felt it should be. Here we hav
 effects over CGI effects any day.  At least you don't actually see the ghost.  This movie makes you use your imagination and is pretty unpredictable.  This movie has an early '70s feel to it that is hard to describe.  Highly recommended.
e unrestored film stock copied for this edition.<br /><br />Beyond the emulsion's natural grain, the celluloid used by this white label outfit seems to have lost a bit of transparency. Thus there's a hard to describe faint north/south cloudiness that can almost be seen to move with the 24 fps advancement of the film.<br /><br />Dirt spots and white drop-out flecks occur during early reel changes. At such times th
ed "smoke signals".  Normally, I don't bother with these recommendations from Amazon, but this time (on a whim) I bought "Pow Wow Highway" and I am so glad I did!<br /><br />Being part Cherokee, it's hard to describe the mix of feelings this film brought out in me.  This feeling was only enhanced by the powerful use of Robbie Robertson's "fallen angel" in the scenes with Filbert.  Knowing the song very well, and 
of Moulin Rouge!, it was very stylized and modern. There was great chemistry between the two stars. Most operas seem kind of stuffy, with Domingo superficially holding the soprano like, I don't know, hard to describe, but not inviting, not passionate. These two were very engaging. The fellow bohemians were hilarious and awesome and overall, the entire thing was so enjoyable, that I've watched it many times, putti
ctacle crossed with _The Matrix_-style martial arts crossed with a truly frightening horror film. You're partway there. This was such a stylish, invigorating, over-the-top mix of genres. It really is hard to describe, but by all means, go and see it. It is perhaps the best movie I've seen since _The Matrix_, which I thought was an instant classic, and a movie I've watched over and over again, never tiring of. Thi
twist and turns but there is a problem with it. As much as I enjoy Mamet's work, I'm not a push over for him. I'll call it like I see it. And the final act of the film is slightly disappointing. It's hard to describe without spoiling the film, so my statements may seem vague, but after you've seen the movie you'll unerstand. The resolution to the movie is not handled in the manner I felt it should be. Here we hav
ers in the foreground with an open field of heartland America in the background. I finally got to see HOOSIERS on video and I am sure glad that I did. This is one of my all-time favorite movies. It's hard to describe but this movie is what America is all about. Great performances, photography and a brilliantly emotionally charged score composed by Jerry Goldsmith contribute to the success of this film. One critic
ers in the foreground with an open field of heartland America in the background. I finally got to see HOOSIERS on video and I am sure glad that I did. This is one of my all-time favorite movies. It's hard to describe but this movie is what America is all about. Great performances, photography and a brilliantly emotionally charged score composed by Jerry Goldsmith contribute to the success of this film. One critic
ers in the foreground with an open field of heartland America in the background. I finally got to see HOOSIERS on video and I am sure glad that I did. This is one of my all-time favorite movies. It's hard to describe but this movie is what America is all about. Great performances, photography and a brilliantly emotionally charged score composed by Jerry Goldsmith contribute to the success of this film. One critic
review/text: OMG it's hard to describe the ineptitude on display in this "homage" to The Birds.  Is it the absurd CGI?  The robotic lead actor?  The painfully slow shots of people walking, doors opening, and doors closing?  I'm in shock a
ham), partners (but not the kind that "hold hands and take windy walks," as Turkish puts it) in running an illegal bare-knuckle boxing ring.<p>What follows is so fast-paced and intertwined that it is hard to describe it. [....] I loved this movie so much that I find it hard to keep it to a minimum when discussing it.  I haven't yet found a review that truly did it justice, and I'm sure I'm not doing much better. 
 not; only because the more you watch the more unbelievable it gets; the more you want it to end. Because it is so incredibly acted by all it's characters you really become engrossed in a way that is hard to describe. First, you can't believe that people could just do something so evil, so incredibly mean spirited- yet we know that happens every day.  People are missing every day; do you really think those people
entured out on a cold and snowy Friday afternoon to see a cinema society screening seemed to enjoy it as well. The surroundings and the receptive audience only made the movie that much better.<p>It's hard to describe the movie to friends...a movie about a dwarf who likes trains and inherits an abandoned depot. I simply tell them that it is about so much more than trains. But there are those "been there, done that
review/text: I am definitely not alone when I say that I'm "into" The National. They are very unique; their music is hard to describe, as is the slow and steady nature of their popularity. It is this mysterious quality about the band that made me so excited about this film. I wanted a look at the people who made the great album tha
review/text: I bought both of his DVDs and gave them away and had to buy another set for my library. It is hard to describe how funny Dunham and his characters are.
nything but nice people.<br /><br />If you can enjoy a good character-development story and not get too dismayed by a depressing scene or two this movie will reward you with some intangibles that are hard to describe unless you've seen this.<br /><br />Jack Nicholson, David Morse, Angelica Huston and Robin Wright make for an interesting foursome, I'll say that.<br /><br />If you don't like this movie, I would und
from Rodney's usual stuff...it's not that the poses are held any longer than usual, but they're executed really slowly (though not TOO slowly, at least for me, lol) and repeated 2-3x.<br /><br />It's hard to describe, but it almost feels like a dance, the way he puts it all together...he's soooo graceful anyway, and this really showcases that fact.  I was able to get into wide-legged forward bend much deeper than
gs in the world must balance.  Bruce Willis and Samuel L. Jackson both gave stellar performances in the primary roles.  I find myself at a loss for words (which happens infrequently) ... this film is hard to describe without giving away too much of the plot.  Willis portrays a man who can't be injured ... Jackson, a man who is very easily hurt physically.  The film has some childhood flashback scenes for both cha
t movies you have ever seen. If you work in an office enviroment, or work in the IT sector this movie is the best. You'll particularly like the gangland beating of the office printer. <p>The story is hard to describe, but if I had to I would say that it's the story of a man on his quest to do nothing... absolutely nothing. <p>I recommend this movie if you are between 14 and 50. A little younger could watch it but
/><br />The first thing that people will notice about this film is it's eye-popping visuals. Anyone who has had the pleasure of seeing Mamoru Oshii's film Avalon will be familiar with the style. It's hard to describe exactly, but you'll know it when you see it. Everything has a soft focus, and a noir-ish black and a cool retro, almost black-and-white-but-not-quite tint. Some will say this is to cover up the CGI a
review/text: No regrets in getting all the Samurai Jack I can get my hands on (though I did technically buy the 4th season separately...at any rate...).<br /><br />Why do I love Samurai Jack? It's hard to describe. I do love Japan, I spent 2 years there, but that certainly isn't the biggest appeal--in fact, I can say that it isn't a very accurate depiction of many aspects of the country, particularly the impli
review/text: I had never heard of this movie, nor Viggo Mortensen, when I first caught this on TV. It is now one of my most favorite films of all time. It's hard to describe why I love it so much and certainly the fact that I grew up in the 60's is part of its appeal. This is such a lovely little movie. Definitely a 4 hanky. And if you thought you liked Viggo in LOTR, he
review/text: It's is hard to describe this film in words!!! Everything about this film is amazing, stylish, and plainly eye candy with each action scene eclipsing the last. This film is based on the comic book series called "Sin City", a
e). People ride these currents on futuristic surfboards and (you guessed it) Giant Robots. (: Of course, the robot designs are by Shoji Kawamori, so of COURSE they transform :)<br /><br />The plot is hard to describe because it's kind of hidden from the start. We get the generic pathetic kid wants to escape his boring reality and finds himself thrown into high adventure with a mysterious young woman leading the w
ms (Happy Gilmore, Billy Madison, Little Nicky, Click), I found hilarious. I love stupid comedy films (Blades of Glory and Semi-Pro had some great stuff in them) but this was just so bland.<br />It's hard to describe why this film is so bad. Lots of him doing physically incredible things as the Israeli Super Soldier, putting a fish down his swim trunks, catching one in his butt, tying guys into pretzels, just doe
wn beat. A bad, bad movie, really bad.  Here are some things that are not funny; heart attacks, divorce, manipulative bosses, losing years of your life, the grim reaper. It just goes on and on. It is hard to describe how poor and predictable this movie is. It does not do justice to Sandler's mediocre talent and abuses the greater talents of the actual actors in this movie. Again this is a bad movie with no redeem
review/text: To anyone who has never seen a Marx Brothers film, it's hard to describe. "Horse Feathers" just may be the wackiest, corniest, dumbest, funniest and just plain craziest movie you've ever seen. It could be any one of those adjectives. In my opinion, it's all of them. It's 
>Based on the Cormac McCarthy novel, the Coens do a good job of adapting his material to film. (Much better than Billy Bob did in the past, at least.) It's certainly an odd film to watch (and equally hard to describe), but a powerful one nonetheless. The use of silence in the movie is a testament to how well the Coens understand their craft; rarely do you see any film using silence to this degree pull it off so d
review/text: The style of the playing in this performances is very "unique" (read: odd). I bought it looking for a modern and historically informed performance. What I got is hard to describe but I'll give you some pointers. It is on modern instruments, with romantic sound (including ever-present vibrato) rather slow and contemplative (stiff). If you are looking for "traditional" performa
review/text: I had the definite fortune of seeing this film for the first time as a midnight show in an actual theater many years ago. I'd been a Beatlemaniac for several years, and it is hard to describe the feeling of actually seeing and hearing live, moving Beatles after seeing b&w stills of the movie for years in magazines, etc.<br />This film remains staunchly in my top 10 movies of all time, bar
so much so that it will spark a new trend in Hollywood. It's not that the feature isn't entertaining, it is. The problem is that it is nothing more then that. The feeling this film leaves you with is hard to describe, so here's the best way one can put it: If you are at a buddy's house for a night with your best friends and the School of Rock is the film of choice, you won't exactly try to weasel everyone out of 
, and it feels incredible. I have watched this movie more than any other movie and it never gets old. I saw it 15+ times in the theater and watched it many more times on DVD. Saying that, it is still hard to describe this movie. Visually STUNNING, from start to finish each scene is a visual masterpiece, a work of art.  The soundtrack and music compliments the visuals perfectly, and the song of the closing scene i
good time chewing the scenery and overacting to extreme levels.<br /><br />Of course, that also means that like other reviewers have noted, there are a few scenes that just fall flat.<br /><br />It's hard to describe this movie and in many ways harder to rate it.  Even in the extra about the movie the one director admits that four different men directed different segments, there were rewrites up to the last minut
e background, behind the swishing of the leaves and the twittering of this little bird comes a piano and French horn duet that absolutely fascinated me with it's solemn, haunting mellowness.  <p>It's hard to describe how powerfully the soundtrack melds into the visuals in this version of the classic children's book.  Usually, the soundtrack provides an underpinning for the visuals and tries not to get in the way 
review/text: It is very hard to describe this film in any common terms.<p>This is not simply an ultra-fab rock n' roll romp nor is it a dry piece of youthful corruption and ambiguous art-nouveau. <p>Hedwig is a wildly fun and smirkingly cyn
nce by Craig Bierko who is cute but quite believable as a cutthroat murderer.<br /><br />The music on this film is also good. Part of why I liked it so much is the 70's/80's songs that are used. It's hard to describe the songs, but they just fit really well with this movie.<br /><br />The Long Kiss Goodnight is great fun because it's actually FUNNY.  The humor is intelligent. It's not like some action films where
in of the machines while trying to save 2 (Martin Landeau, "Ed Wood"). The rest of the film is the 9 trying to evade and fight the machines and find a way to stop them.<br /><br />The problem is it's hard to describe the plot without making it sound stupid and simple, while it is simple it's far from stupid. The voice actors fit each character, 5 (John C. Reilly, "Chicago", "Step Brothers"), 1 (Christoper Plummer
/>The cinematography is some of the most interesting ever.  Studying it could be the sole focus of an entire graduate film program, and they still not might be able to cover it in its entirety.  It's hard to describe the power of scenes like after Hoffman reveals to his girlfriend that her mother was the woman he was with.  As he walks away defeated, the camera pans out and the look in Mrs. Robinson's eyes says s
 can look at the films in this collection and lay any blame or applause entirely at the feet of Charles Chaplin, and that circumstance is as unique as Chaplin the artist himself.<br /><br />It's very hard to describe this excellent set in the context of Chaplin's genius and his evolution as a film maker, because the films are separated from one another by quite large time intervals and interim films that are in v
 - True Faith and the Perfect Kiss.<br /><br />The True Faith video has quite a concept - it starts out with mimes slapping each other to the song's beat, as other mimes watch on their TV's.  Ok, its hard to describe, but its a well done, slightly bizarre, very imaginative video.<br /><br />The Perfect Kiss is just the opposite.  The entire video was filmed in one take as the band jams out the song in their studi
d to portray the 40 passengers and crew members are each to be applauded separately (and collectively), in my personal opinion, for their realistic and spot-on performances in this movie. It's really hard to describe how good this whole cast is. All of the performances from the men and women who share this cast roster will move you to tears. The terror on board that aircraft is so real during this movie, it's not
reepy, then downright pulse-pounding. The misguided and delusional dreams of Miss Pat push her and her son to violent measures, and the young pastor's wife is son caught in their web.<br /><br />It's hard to describe the levels of psychological suspense employed, because they are done so well. From TVs and phones, to snakes and chickens, all sorts of devices ratchet the tension while never neglecting character de
so much so that it will spark a new trend in Hollywood. It's not that the feature isn't entertaining, it is. The problem is that it is nothing more then that. The feeling this film leaves you with is hard to describe, so here's the best way one can put it: If you are at a buddy's house for a night with your best friends and the School of Rock is the film of choice, you won't exactly try to weasel everyone out of 
review/text: This is one of my favorite movies by Mr. Campbell. It is very similar to quite a few SiFi/Horror flicks of the early and mid sixties. It is hard to describe the fun parts of this movie without going into details and giving some of the good bits away. It is funny only in that special way Mr. Campbell has of making something dark laughable. If you are a fa
review/text: I was 12 years old in the fall of 1965 when Lost in Space first came out, and I can still remember being riveted to my bw tv on Wednesday nights.  It is hard to describe the youthful awe and excitement that this show inspired in me---a unique and exciting spaceship, a wonderful sense of adventure on alien worlds, ocasionally spooky and really scary aliens, etc.  Over
review/text: It hard to describe why this is a funny movie. Maybe its the absurdity of some of the scenes or the on-purpose low budget portions or the fact that its Will speaking Spanish the whole movie. You laugh at this movie for 
review/text: I think most people believe this movie is good amusing fun.  I actually do believe there is a little more to it.  Its the hard to describe something that seperates the ok movies from the good films. The not so subtle commentary on domestic and suburban life is wittier and more profound than i'd expected.  I came away thinking i'd gotten
formance as well. The opening sequence alone is worth a viewing  of this movie.  It is the greatest opening sequence I've ever seen, rivaled  only by the one from Raiders of the Lost Ark..maybe. It's hard to describe  with any one word. Watch this film and I think you will be hard put to find  another western that comes even close to being this suspenseful, moody, or  entertaining.
ath of least resistance, and he bigamously marries Maude! The situation turns into a comedy of errors as Rob tries to balance two marriages, and inevitable it all comes crashing down.<br /><br />It's hard to describe this movie. On one hand it is a very funny movie, one that keeps you laughing almost all the way through. On the other hand, it is not really disrespectful of the subject of bigamy. You know Rob is g
nly dog I have had that dug her way back into my yard after inadvertantly getting locked out by an unsuspecting family member, so when you see this movie, you will see a story of an an animal that is hard to describe as just a dog. Her mannerisms are far separated from any other breed of dog I have have the good fortune to witness.<br /><br /> A story of an animal that devotes itself in a way that is uncommon, an
review/text: If you've never seen this show, it's hard to describe because it's really in a class by itslef. (OK, Home Movies is in the same class, but it's made by the same production company.) It's mostly about witty dialog that you can't believe no one ever thoug
aintings and early computer graphics, the progressive sequence of art within them sneaks in the history of dialogue-free storytelling.<br /><br />ANIMATED? REALLY?<br /><br />The look of the movie is hard to describe. In one scene, when WALL-E and EVE are investigating a piece of bubble wrap, you can't tell it is an animated film. It actually appears to be live-action. Likewise, the outer space scenes have the sa
s excited. Even moreso once I heard it was going to be offered on Blu Ray. People are complaining about the picture, I am not sure what that is all about. The visuals are so stunning in blu it's very hard to describe. The audio is so pitch perfect that even with my outdated surround system, it felt like Bono and Co were in my living room.<br /><br />The dvd gives you the complete U2 experience and leaves nothing 
aintings and early computer graphics, the progressive sequence of art within them sneaks in the history of dialogue-free storytelling.<br /><br />ANIMATED? REALLY?<br /><br />The look of the movie is hard to describe. In one scene, when WALL-E and EVE are investigating a piece of bubble wrap, you can't tell it is an animated film. It actually appears to be live-action. Likewise, the outer space scenes have the sa
rth&quot; garnered an unprecedented eight nominations for the Golden Raspberry Awards (the &quot;razzies&quot;).  Having sat through it myself, I can tell you, it is not hard to see why.  It's really hard to describe how incredibly abyssmal &quot;Battlefield Earth&quot; is.  It's a derivative, sloppy, shoddy, implausible nightmare of a film, a train wreck, a riot of bad acting from people who know better.  It's t
 on a stunningly bad performance that's pure comedy gold. He looks like the alien from the Predator films, and he seems to have a bad accent that sounds both American and British simultaneously (It's hard to describe, but you gotta hear it). Oh Forest Whitaker, what are you doing here? You also put on a bad performance, but sadly it's not comical like John Travolta's. For the most part, Barry Pepper is the only p
review/text: It's is hard to describe this film in words!!! Everything about this film is amazing, stylish, and plainly eye candy with each action scene eclipsing the last. This film is based on the comic book series called "Sin City", a
 passionate about him.  Speaking for myself, it is not because he started Pink Floyd, not because he was part of "swinging London," and not because I think doing acid is cool.  It really is something hard to describe but a bit of the Peter Pan thing.  Within Syd's best work is a very pure, sometimes innocent and other times mischievous, hearkening to childhood.  I'm not talking about the literal subject matter of
review/text: I really enjoyed this movie. I have not seen many Steve McQueen movies to date, but I hope to see more now. Frank Keller won an Oscar for editing for "Bullitt" and I can see why. It's hard to describe what makes great editing, but you know it when you see it. Sometimes a shot will go on a bit longer than you expect it to, and, after viewing the shot, you realize how effective it was. There are sev
were some great fight scenes, which Matt Damon was quite good in.  The plot was superb with very little/to no holes in it.  It was both intriguing and suspenseful and had and ambiance about it that's hard to describe.  The superb cinematography was partially responsible for this but what I think added to the feel and really brought this movie to life was the musical score!  It did everything a good score does.  I
like Napoleon Dynamite in that it's not a movie for everyone.  It's violent but in a cartoonish way.  Also, it is subtitled and I know some people don't want to have to read subtitles.  It's honestly hard to describe.  It is a kung fu movie and a comedyand a love story and a morality play and a live action cartoon all in one.  It's one of those movies that you will either love or you'll hate.  I loved it!
e decides to choose another, resulting in similar scenarios.  Obviously this is a visual gag, so much will be lost reading about it here.  There's so much overall nuttiness going on in this film it's hard to describe it, but if you dig on zany Three Stooges antics, you'll probably enjoy this feature.  Hardcore film fans may also get a kick out of the film as there's plenty of references to other films, in particu
o everyone, which to me is part of it's appeal.  The Dude, Walter, etc. are all unique and interesting characters in their own funny ways.  Every line seems funnier the more you watch the film.  It's hard to describe, but I recommend everyone see it and you'll either love it or not get it.  But I'm betting most will love it.
eve this is the direction the director wanted to take it.<br /><br />It's not really about anything, it's just a glimpse into these characters normal, and perhaps even stagnant lives.<br /><br />It's hard to describe what this movie is trying to achieve, in that it's quite possibly trying to achieve nothing, and perhaps portraying how life is actually like. I think it's a great story though, it's very simple, but
were some great fight scenes, which Matt Damon was quite good in.  The plot was superb with very little/to no holes in it.  It was both intriguing and suspenseful and had and ambiance about it that's hard to describe.  The superb cinematography was partially responsible for this but what I think added to the feel and really brought this movie to life was the musical score!  It did everything a good score does.  I
were some great fight scenes, which Matt Damon was quite good in.  The plot was superb with very little/to no holes in it.  It was both intriguing and suspenseful and had and ambiance about it that's hard to describe.  The superb cinematography was partially responsible for this but what I think added to the feel and really brought this movie to life was the musical score!  It did everything a good score does.  I
of Moulin Rouge!, it was very stylized and modern. There was great chemistry between the two stars. Most operas seem kind of stuffy, with Domingo superficially holding the soprano like, I don't know, hard to describe, but not inviting, not passionate. These two were very engaging. The fellow bohemians were hilarious and awesome and overall, the entire thing was so enjoyable, that I've watched it many times, putti
lso turns in a strong performance as actress turned new age healer Leanne Rease-Jones, a character who comes to play a crucial and prophetic part in the story.<br /><br />The Innkeepers is devilishly hard to describe.  In a way, much of the story is predictable, yet at the same time it's also rather shocking in the end.  The writing is subtly brilliant.  The significance of some lines early in the movie only hit 
mendous asset and a blessing to us who purchase these. Perhaps she and Bill Gaither are not always given due credit. Woody Wright's Back Home Again is really fun. Sweet Holy Spirit, by the Isaacs, is hard to describe, but wonderful to hear. "When I Wake Up in Glory" is uplifting. Jake Hess sings for us; he is so cute and funny. Gaither's love for Hess and Lester is touching, and it makes one appreciate those men,
review/text: It's hard to describe M.B. without giving spoilers. It's basically a story of Miki and he romance with her live in (soon to be) &quot;brother&quot;.<p>If you have any interest in Japanese culture this series is seeped in 
 (like many of today's movie trailers out of mainstream Hollywood.)<p>The many themes presented in the movie (war, love, loss, greed, death and revenge) are visited upon us in very subtle ways. It is hard to describe how the filmmakers have done it, without giving away the plot's clincher. The story unfolds slowly at first, drawing a very somber picture of life during the Spanish Civil War in a remote orphanage. 
, and it feels incredible. I have watched this movie more than any other movie and it never gets old. I saw it 15+ times in the theater and watched it many more times on DVD. Saying that, it is still hard to describe this movie. Visually STUNNING, from start to finish each scene is a visual masterpiece, a work of art.  The soundtrack and music compliments the visuals perfectly, and the song of the closing scene i
n 1945. So there went my theory. I guess what "Mildred Pierce" could be described as is a case of life imatating art. You have to admit, there are connections.<br /><br /> "Mildred Pierce" is kind of hard to describe. I'm afraid, if I haven't already, I'll reveal too much. But considering the fact the movie is considered a classic, many may already know the story. I'm not sure how much I should tell you. Maybe it
review/text: They just don't make movies like this anymore.  Maybe because of a lack of great actors like Paul Newman, or maybe because it might not appeal to the main-stream audience.  This movie is hard to describe because so little happens in it, and yet, things are constantly going on.  It seemed a little sluggish to me, but, it kept me entertained at the same time.  Maybe it was made like that to demonstrate
review/text: This film is so hard to describe to people.  It's such a beautiful work.  Every piece of film, every part of the soundtrack creates a uniform atmosphere which shifts from humor, awkwardness, sadness, and reflection.  There are so ma
equent investigation, it is unfortunate that absolutely everything about this movie is WRONG:<br /><br />*Perhaps 10-15 minutes of the 2 hour-plus film deals with the Black Dahlia, the rest is, well, hard to describe...but the word "camp" does come to mind.  The Black Dahlia herself is sadly virtually ignored here, as is any relation to actual events or reality. This is an incredibly mean-spirited and vicious mis
ual flair.  From the disturbing mind of Carl which encompasses a rather surprising setpiece involving a horse, to the serene desert of a little boys mind, the sheer staggering beauty of the images is hard to describe.  But on top of this, Tarsem shows an exceptional talent for storytelling also.  He cuts between the search for the missing girl, and &quot;J.Lo&quot; searching the mind of Carl with absolute precisi
review/text: There was a time when video games were so graphically simple it's hard to describe why they appealed to us.  But they did; we'd never had anything like them.  I know I spent hours putting quarters into astroids and centipede.  The basis of this movie starts here, with Alex, a kid f
review/text: Today, it is probably hard to describe how brilliant "Phantasm" seemed in its year of release:  quite simply, there was nothing else like it in the American cinema.  "Phantasm" is literally a dream put on film; the fact that Don Coscarell
Personally, THE CHURCH speaks to me in terms of what I like to see in a 1980's Horror film.  I'm a child of the late 80's and I tend to gravitate towards the movies of that time period.  It's kind of hard to describe why I like that era the best in terms of Horror, but anyone who's a fan of Robert Englund's interpretation of THE PHANTOM OF THE OPERA or John Carpenter's PRINCE OF DARKNESS knows what I'm talking ab
s enjoyed futuristic Sci-Fi - Do not really remember if it appeared in comic form.<br /><br />Have yet to look at disc 2 -- have thoroughly enjoyed the actors concept of their characters - it is very hard to describe the feelings invocked upon seeing that ugly old Alien Queen - the nasty Company that wanted the Alien alive - no matter who has to die in the meantime.<br /><br />Oh Yeah! those guys were in for the 
 It finally hit me one night at blockbuster what I had been neglecting throughout my teenage years, rented Alien and brought it back to my dorm to the delight of my college buddies.<br /><br />  It's hard to describe the terror and tension Ridley Scott creates in this film.  The facehugger and chestburster scenes are truly the stuff nightmares are made of, the kinds of things that make you wake up yelling and swe
on TV, but none were as unique as The Muppet Show.  Here, you had large puppets doing the dances, singing the songs, telling the jokes, and performing the skits.  And they do it well.<br /><br />It's hard to describe the typical episode because they have some variety.  Each episode features a special guest star (more on that later) who is involved in a few of the scenes.  There are usually a variety of skits and 
t an American guerrilla group led by one Lt Aldo Raine (Brad Pitt), who offers one of the most hilarious moments in the film when he speaks Italian with a very thick Tennessee accent.<br /><br />It's hard to describe the plot without giving away huge parts of the movie. Suffice to say the Basterds are sent across enemy lines to wreak havoc against the Nazis (which they do rather graphically). Meantime the Jew Hun
review/text: This is my favorite movie.It is about a family moving west in 1844. It makes you feel happy when you watch it, it's hard to describe , but I really recommend it. It is a wonderful family movie.
nything but nice people.<br /><br />If you can enjoy a good character-development story and not get too dismayed by a depressing scene or two this movie will reward you with some intangibles that are hard to describe unless you've seen this.<br /><br />Jack Nicholson, David Morse, Angelica Huston and Robin Wright make for an interesting foursome, I'll say that.<br /><br />If you don't like this movie, I would und
 and goes to see him, pretending like she's utterly happy with her new guy and her new life. But that passion between them is still there.<br /><br />There's lots of little bits to this movie so it's hard to describe in such a short space. Does everything work out? Well, sort of. I suppose it does, but I guess it really depends on how you look at. The ending is so sappy that I could've sworn someone just dumped h
d a talking brain. (You heard me right.) The evil madman tries to tap into these children's dreams so that he may try and gain a soul.<p>Ok, if you're still reading this, clearly your intrigued. It's hard to describe the look and feel of this movie. It's got a little of everything, sci-fi, fantasy, drama, and comedy. It's dark and light at the same time. Sci-fi action enthusiasts should know that this really does
rth&quot; garnered an unprecedented eight nominations for the Golden Raspberry Awards (the &quot;razzies&quot;).  Having sat through it myself, I can tell you, it is not hard to see why.  It's really hard to describe how incredibly abyssmal &quot;Battlefield Earth&quot; is.  It's a derivative, sloppy, shoddy, implausible nightmare of a film, a train wreck, a riot of bad acting from people who know better.  It's t
 on a stunningly bad performance that's pure comedy gold. He looks like the alien from the Predator films, and he seems to have a bad accent that sounds both American and British simultaneously (It's hard to describe, but you gotta hear it). Oh Forest Whitaker, what are you doing here? You also put on a bad performance, but sadly it's not comical like John Travolta's. For the most part, Barry Pepper is the only p
is projected on the rear screens giving the audience the feeling that they are behind Christine and their own reaction is the reaction of the "audience" who just watched her aria from Hannibal.  It's hard to describe but a cool efect.<br /><br />It's also fair to note that these "screens" were necessary given the sheer size of the arena, and in the vastness of the RAH, some consideration had to be made to those i
review/text: This movie is hard to describe.  It's so funny, it puts me in tears, but it's not a typical comedy like Office Space or Anchorman or Billy Madison or whatever.  I think what strikes me about this movie is that it is so real.  The 
review/text: It's hard to describe, but if I had to, Greg the Bunny is like The Simpsons mixed with a sitcom, but with half the cast as puppets. It's not subversive, not over-the-top, but at the same time it's not for kids either. Per
rprising stars like Tom Cruise and Julianne Moore wouldn't hesitate to work in this movie.  All of the characters were so well realized, that there wasn't a single storyline that left me bored.  It's hard to describe Anderson's genius in words, but all it takes is one look at his work to see it.  Look at this, Boogie Nights and Punch Drunk Love in particular for a unique movie making style.  I wish he'd churn out
, starring Jake Gyllenhaal, Jamie Foxx, and Peter Sarsgaard, concerns a Marine Corps unit preparing to be deployed during the first Persian Gulf war in 1991. This movie fails on so many points, it is hard to describe where to begin. The script and story are inconsistent, murky, and unoriginal, with most of Jarhead's theme taken from earlier psychotic military epics such as Apocalypse Now and Full Metal Jacket. Th
rector Edgar Wright has created the new touchstone for meta-cinema here, to my eyes, and I'd love it if most films were this smart and sly and self-mocking. There's so much going on in this film it's hard to describe; suffice to say that there's a laugh a minute and at least two nice visual puns in the same time. There's a loving retro vibe that's both uber-ironic and heartfelt, and if you lived through the 80s a
review/text: I've seen this movie dozens of times. It's hard to describe because it's different. It's a mash up of action, comedy and romance. Definitely a must see movie if your a Michael Cera fan.
review/text: I grew up on comic books and video games, and if you did too, then you will love this movie. The movie is very fast pace, often jumping quickly from one scene to the next. Very, very hard to describe what kind of genre this movie falls into. It combines excellent action scenes with off-beat humor all the while pushing along a rather simple romance plot. Just like a comic book, Scott Pilgrim is me
e as Maxxx Robinson, the adult film director who threatens to ruin Young's life.  Matt Stone steals every scene he is in, but his role should be seen and not discussed (especially since it is sort of hard to describe).  Let us not forget Sancho; what can you say about Sancho except that, well, he is Sancho.  There are also, I should mention, some actual adult film stars in this film - including Ron Jeremy, who is
review/text: This is my favourite American film of all time. The imagery, acting, soundtrack, all were flawless. It's hard to describe what I found so appealing, you'd really have to see it.<br />Unlike many drug movies, you'd notice how nothing is glamourised, just strikingly honest. There are real consequences for everyone. The ma
e gone awry films that I have ever seen. Ewen McGregor & Eva Green play two people who happen to meet & fall in love right when a worldwide pandemic occurs that slowly takes away peoples senses. It's hard to describe because I found this movie had romance (but not the mushy sappy kind), a dash of creepiness & sadness because of how the disease affects the human race but also I found it to be a really hopeful movi
red world inside her computer. What she finds ranges from strange cults to a man who claims to be god. As it progresses, lain begins to question her existence, her identity, and her social life. It's hard to describe this series because of the complex plot and strange dialouge. It has an atmosphere of creepiness and sometimes turns out to be philisophical. The animation is great and the plot, although confusing a
 guy had asked about her, she doesn't know what to do - and so she winds up acting like "a total geek" every time he's around.<br /><br />There are so many other little story lines going on that it's hard to describe it all here.  Suffice it to say that there are many hysterical moments - where you laugh till your cheeks hurt - and many others where your heart goes out to this "poor teen".  It brings back SOoooo 
review/text: This film is so hard to describe to people.  It's such a beautiful work.  Every piece of film, every part of the soundtrack creates a uniform atmosphere which shifts from humor, awkwardness, sadness, and reflection.  There are so ma
est she has done in quite some time (a great comeback after the horrible "Stepford Wives" remake) and Sean Penn takes a more laid back approach to his character here and it works to his benefit. It's hard to describe this movie without giving anything away (it has a pretty standard political assassination plot), but if you are the mood for a political thriller which focuses on the character drama just as much as 
review/text: This is one of the most beautifully photographed movies ever.  It has a moody, atmospheric quality that is hard to describe; almost dreamlike in places. The storyline is fairly straightforward at first, but then becomes convoluted as the movie increasingly digresses into tangential areas including a fair amount of Weird A
series also REALLY helps it convey the emotions effectively at the appropriate times.<br />  If it was live action I would say that the cinematography &was excelent! and the story second to none, but hard to describe without MAJOR spoilers. Also Unlike the usual anime , this one is masterful at blending the real world of Japan , into animated one of the series......
kes movies once a decade or so. His style of narrative storytelling can be initially jarring, but that's only because his work is so unique when compared to more mainstream Hollywood directors. It is hard to describe what The New World is like. It is essentially the inspiring story of Pocahontas' transformation from old world Native American to new world English lady, but it is so much more than that. Malick does
ves nearby with his wife Susanne (Ursula Strauss).<br /><br />It's hard to give an accurate description of what this film is about without mentioning the latter half of the film. With that said, it's hard to describe the latter half of the film without spoiling the first half but I've done my best above. To tread carefully again, Revanche is a "crime-thriller" with two characters experiencing different kinds of g
tman is meant to be more hidden.  Dont let those opinions stop you from watching this true work of art.  The film also has some great action scenes and a good chemistry between the actors.  Its quite hard to describe how incredible the film is.  I cant see how the original can ever be said to be better than this.
review/text: This movie is hard to describe.  It's so funny, it puts me in tears, but it's not a typical comedy like Office Space or Anchorman or Billy Madison or whatever.  I think what strikes me about this movie is that it is so real.  The 
ountry music writer Ken Sutherland. This is a B-ish movie with a bit of language and grittiness, but more depth than you might think for its kind. I would give it a PG rating. It's a unique movie and hard to describe. Points and emotions of the storyline are well developed, and while Savannah and family are reunited at the end, the ending is kind of unclear. Disgusted by her husband's self absorption, Savannah's 
n 1080p High Definition, we get a 7.1 DTS-HD Master Audio lossless soundtrack which sounds incredible!  Just the fact that the film looks and sounds better is significant.  The colors just pop!  It's hard to describe of how awesome this film looks on Blu-ray compared to previous video releases.  In the past, there was always this dreamy, hazy look to the film.  Though it was colorful, I have always thought that w
since it came out too close to the Columbine shootings. (Honestly which was ridiculous.)<p>Moving on, my review of the movie of course is as biased as the rest. I loved it from beginning to end. It's hard to describe (in a worthwhile way) unless you see it yourself. The plot was told to me by a cousin and I really didn't want to watch it, but not even half the way through the movie I was in love with it, and boug
r Miyazaki films, it tells its own story by its own rules and requires that you allow yourself "into" an almost alternate universe that coexists with a realistic world. Sorry to be so pithy, but it's hard to describe these films adequately. They need to be experienced.<br /><br />Big name stars perform the dubbed English version and most of them agreed because of their love for the director's previous work.<br />
t comedy ever". (Yes, there are scenes that u normaly lough at, but u just cant!!!)<br />But this movie is far beyond the sickest, most horifiying and dsturbng movie ever. It is just something that hard to describe!<p>"Funny Games" of Michael Haneke is like "Happy Days" and "Reservoir Dogs" of Tarantino is like "Snow White" when compaired to Salo!!!<p>Technically directing and acting is superior. But there is m
review/text: That's the only way to describe this hard to describe film.  Pitt is good, but not great.  Forlani is a welcome site.  Anthony Hopkins deserves the kudos.<p>I saw this film not knowing what to expect.  I wasn't  disappointed.  Pitt's sudden demise early
review/text: Jackass the Movie is a great laugh out loud comedy and like i said before for it will make you laugh until it hurts!!!!! It really hard to describe this movie,but it is worth your time and money and after you get done renting the movie you will own this movie for your dvd collection!!!!!!
review/text: It is hard to describe MST3K, witty, funny, downright odd, and who was that fat chick anyways, other than the series bad person super stalking weirdo. The premise was insane, the characters campy, the acting horrific, the 
wn beat. A bad, bad movie, really bad.  Here are some things that are not funny; heart attacks, divorce, manipulative bosses, losing years of your life, the grim reaper. It just goes on and on. It is hard to describe how poor and predictable this movie is. It does not do justice to Sandler's mediocre talent and abuses the greater talents of the actual actors in this movie. Again this is a bad movie with no redeem
t movies you have ever seen. If you work in an office enviroment, or work in the IT sector this movie is the best. You'll particularly like the gangland beating of the office printer. <p>The story is hard to describe, but if I had to I would say that it's the story of a man on his quest to do nothing... absolutely nothing. <p>I recommend this movie if you are between 14 and 50. A little younger could watch it but
udent clad in a skeleton costume sneaks up behind them and puts his arms under their shoulders, using his hands as their hands while the completely out-of-it L&H try to smoke with "their" hands. It's hard to describe this comedy bit but the timing is so absolutely perfect and execution of this piece of nuttiness so seamless that you have to laugh loudly. This scene is worth the price of this video. Any comedy buf
ely, mmmmmmm...), the effects were worthy of an  Academy Award.  Great direction by Proyas (same guy who brought us The  Crow) and a terrific script (which, by the way won a Bram Stoker Award).  It's hard to describe this movie, a little bit of noir, a little bit of  Blade Runner, and a striking resemblance to the Borg of Star Trek: The Next  Generation.  But it's not a Star Trek movie by a longshot.  Eyecatching
ed to stay away from the slums, at all cost. Sr. Meirelles is to be commended for creating a world unto itself, so complex that the mind boggles; so brutal, I'm amazed that anyone remains alive. It's hard to describe the film, but its images are etched in my mind. Brilliant cinematography and editing draw you in and don't let go, even at over 2 hours. I have no problem with subtitles, but the narration and dialog
 between two individuals cuts to a second set of characters fighting. These two are momentarily seperated and one of the combatants from the first fight stumbles backwards between them. In print it's hard to describe, but on film it brings a sense of connection to scenes that are really utter chaos. It allows the action to go non-stop without boring or confusing the viewer. And that makes the chaos so much more d
s also one of those movies where the Making-Of doubles the value of the movie. Even having worked on the movie, people grasp for words to describe it. Commercialism is easy to describe. Creativity is hard to describe. What do you say when a world springs from someone's mind? Care to step inside?<br /><br />Ultimately, I have to state the measure of Mirrormask's originality: Its like nothing I've ever seen or hear
gence, the delightful weirdness, the astounding visual vocabulary. Except that in this case, the words are spoken by good actors, and all those visuals get up off their feet and move.<br /><br />It's hard to describe the impact of watching a McKean painting move and talk. There might be those who quibble about the movie looking too "animated," but of course that's exactly the point: to create a world and make it 
is brilliant in his triple role as the U.S. President, Dr. Strangelove, and Mandrake. George C. Scott also tops the cake in his over-the-top caricature of the Pattonesque General Buck Turgidson. It's hard to describe all of the nuances of this film on such a short review: you have to see it for yourself. Although the film will certainly have more of an impact on those who are old enough to remember the Cold War a
r. This is not toilet humor. This is dark political humor that's incredibly ironic and satirical. There are so many classic scenes ("Be careful, Mr. President. I think he's drunk."), that it's simply hard to describe all of them in just one review. Straight to the point, this is one of Stanley Kubrick's greatest films, and one of the greatest comedies of all time. It has a great ensemble of actors (Sellers, Scott
re. You have to sort of watch the others and this back to back to see the difference. I just find his verbal scenes in this one a lot less satisfying, the Hannibal signature is starting to lack. It's hard to describe.<br /><br />2. The new main character, Edward Norton, is a great actor HOWEVER he does not fit this role nearly as well as his predecessors. He just doesn't have it. He's a fantastic actor in other m
e fairy leads her, turning into a green goblin creature, which speaks like Tinkerbell. She meets Fauno inside, who's hiding from the rest of the world, and is a mix of so many different animals, it's hard to describe. She then discovers she's actually a princess, and the princess's soul has been brought back through her. But she has to complete three challenges, in order to see if she belongs with the mortals or 
wn beat. A bad, bad movie, really bad.  Here are some things that are not funny; heart attacks, divorce, manipulative bosses, losing years of your life, the grim reaper. It just goes on and on. It is hard to describe how poor and predictable this movie is. It does not do justice to Sandler's mediocre talent and abuses the greater talents of the actual actors in this movie. Again this is a bad movie with no redeem
is brilliant in his triple role as the U.S. President, Dr. Strangelove, and Mandrake. George C. Scott also tops the cake in his over-the-top caricature of the Pattonesque General Buck Turgidson. It's hard to describe all of the nuances of this film on such a short review: you have to see it for yourself. Although the film will certainly have more of an impact on those who are old enough to remember the Cold War a
r. This is not toilet humor. This is dark political humor that's incredibly ironic and satirical. There are so many classic scenes ("Be careful, Mr. President. I think he's drunk."), that it's simply hard to describe all of them in just one review. Straight to the point, this is one of Stanley Kubrick's greatest films, and one of the greatest comedies of all time. It has a great ensemble of actors (Sellers, Scott
n 1080p High Definition, we get a 7.1 DTS-HD Master Audio lossless soundtrack which sounds incredible!  Just the fact that the film looks and sounds better is significant.  The colors just pop!  It's hard to describe of how awesome this film looks on Blu-ray compared to previous video releases.  In the past, there was always this dreamy, hazy look to the film.  Though it was colorful, I have always thought that w
review/text: It's hard to describe the feelings this picture inspires. James Fenimore Cooper's book was one classic I read a couple of times when I was a teenager. The archaic English and the possible improbability of the story never 
ely, mmmmmmm...), the effects were worthy of an  Academy Award.  Great direction by Proyas (same guy who brought us The  Crow) and a terrific script (which, by the way won a Bram Stoker Award).  It's hard to describe this movie, a little bit of noir, a little bit of  Blade Runner, and a striking resemblance to the Borg of Star Trek: The Next  Generation.  But it's not a Star Trek movie by a longshot.  Eyecatching
review/text: I bought both of his DVDs and gave them away and had to buy another set for my library. It is hard to describe how funny Dunham and his characters are.
>Based on the Cormac McCarthy novel, the Coens do a good job of adapting his material to film. (Much better than Billy Bob did in the past, at least.) It's certainly an odd film to watch (and equally hard to describe), but a powerful one nonetheless. The use of silence in the movie is a testament to how well the Coens understand their craft; rarely do you see any film using silence to this degree pull it off so d
of architecture to the human body..<br />The strange thought provoking nature of this film combined with the striking visuals make it all very satisfying - and at the same time a puzzle which is very hard to describe... It certainly has made me curious to check out more of greenaway's films...
is brilliant in his triple role as the U.S. President, Dr. Strangelove, and Mandrake. George C. Scott also tops the cake in his over-the-top caricature of the Pattonesque General Buck Turgidson. It's hard to describe all of the nuances of this film on such a short review: you have to see it for yourself. Although the film will certainly have more of an impact on those who are old enough to remember the Cold War a
r. This is not toilet humor. This is dark political humor that's incredibly ironic and satirical. There are so many classic scenes ("Be careful, Mr. President. I think he's drunk."), that it's simply hard to describe all of them in just one review. Straight to the point, this is one of Stanley Kubrick's greatest films, and one of the greatest comedies of all time. It has a great ensemble of actors (Sellers, Scott
to the point of being gory or pornographic, the film does "earn" its PG-13 rating.  Still, the film remains playful and inventive in its approach, somewhat like Pirates of the Caribbean, and would be hard to describe as offensive (my wife and I saw this together and both of us smiled through it).<br /><br />While the characters and story are lots of fun, the real delight in this picture is the animation.  It is e
review/text: It's hard to describe the feelings this picture inspires. James Fenimore Cooper's book was one classic I read a couple of times when I was a teenager. The archaic English and the possible improbability of the story never 
new man" and bring her back to him so he can have his way with her. Who will walk away with the money and who will be left standing by the time this is all over?<br /><br />First of all, it is really hard to describe this movie in any way. There's so much going on and so many characters to keep track of that it's hard to decide just where to start. For a foreign film that's labeled as being incredibly violent, it
new man" and bring her back to him so he can have his way with her. Who will walk away with the money and who will be left standing by the time this is all over?<br /><br />First of all, it is really hard to describe this movie in any way. There's so much going on and so many characters to keep track of that it's hard to decide just where to start. For a foreign film that's labeled as being incredibly violent, it
review/text: I would rate this a 5, but just because it made me cry a little it is hard to do so. I like that this is geared for adults. It is a good mix between serious and funny. It is very hard to describe this movie, so I suggest to just watch it.
 haunting with great light and shadow filming very atmospheric vampire film this Black and white film is better than most color vampire films it gives the film a very eerie feeling of quality that is hard to describe if you never seen this you are in for a treat see what a master film maker can do with a great horror movie this has to be one of the best horror films I have seen there are some nice classic horror 
review/text: This is my favourite American film of all time. The imagery, acting, soundtrack, all were flawless. It's hard to describe what I found so appealing, you'd really have to see it.<br />Unlike many drug movies, you'd notice how nothing is glamourised, just strikingly honest. There are real consequences for everyone. The ma
ely, mmmmmmm...), the effects were worthy of an  Academy Award.  Great direction by Proyas (same guy who brought us The  Crow) and a terrific script (which, by the way won a Bram Stoker Award).  It's hard to describe this movie, a little bit of noir, a little bit of  Blade Runner, and a striking resemblance to the Borg of Star Trek: The Next  Generation.  But it's not a Star Trek movie by a longshot.  Eyecatching
is brilliant in his triple role as the U.S. President, Dr. Strangelove, and Mandrake. George C. Scott also tops the cake in his over-the-top caricature of the Pattonesque General Buck Turgidson. It's hard to describe all of the nuances of this film on such a short review: you have to see it for yourself. Although the film will certainly have more of an impact on those who are old enough to remember the Cold War a
r. This is not toilet humor. This is dark political humor that's incredibly ironic and satirical. There are so many classic scenes ("Be careful, Mr. President. I think he's drunk."), that it's simply hard to describe all of them in just one review. Straight to the point, this is one of Stanley Kubrick's greatest films, and one of the greatest comedies of all time. It has a great ensemble of actors (Sellers, Scott
ms (Happy Gilmore, Billy Madison, Little Nicky, Click), I found hilarious. I love stupid comedy films (Blades of Glory and Semi-Pro had some great stuff in them) but this was just so bland.<br />It's hard to describe why this film is so bad. Lots of him doing physically incredible things as the Israeli Super Soldier, putting a fish down his swim trunks, catching one in his butt, tying guys into pretzels, just doe
est she has done in quite some time (a great comeback after the horrible "Stepford Wives" remake) and Sean Penn takes a more laid back approach to his character here and it works to his benefit. It's hard to describe this movie without giving anything away (it has a pretty standard political assassination plot), but if you are the mood for a political thriller which focuses on the character drama just as much as 
nce by Craig Bierko who is cute but quite believable as a cutthroat murderer.<br /><br />The music on this film is also good. Part of why I liked it so much is the 70's/80's songs that are used. It's hard to describe the songs, but they just fit really well with this movie.<br /><br />The Long Kiss Goodnight is great fun because it's actually FUNNY.  The humor is intelligent. It's not like some action films where
ewer is accustomed to it, it ends up adding to the surreal and mysterious atmosphere.  I really don't think the movie would have had as strong an effect if it had been in colour.<p>In any case, it is hard to describe how perfect this movie was, how well the plot fit together, that amazing feeling I got while watching it as everything began to fit into place... Just go see it!
family crosses the Canadian border into the US, pretending to be "on holidays" but really coming to work-- the movie is instead a blend of cheerful family comedy and buried grief.  It's a combination hard to describe but I can say this is EXACTLY the film to watch if you're struggling with tough times because it will make you smile and ALSO give you some perspective, without beating you up about it... (what many 
 her other siblings, Peter, Susan and Edmund and actually get caught up in a war: Narnians versus those loyal to the evil White Witch. And helping them out is the almighty lion Aslan.<br /><br />It's hard to describe Narnia(or Lord of the Rings or Harry Potter for that matter) without saying stuff like almighty, magical and whatnot but the nice thing about the film is that it doesn't over explain too much. One pr
review/text: I'm an avid fan of fantasy, and while it's been a number of years, I remember having the book read to me in elementary school.  The film brings to life a certain enchantment that's hard to describe in words.  The music and the assortment of Narnia's characters are the definite working charms here.  That being said, I have one major complaint: this would have been much better had it been produce
 her other siblings, Peter, Susan and Edmund and actually get caught up in a war: Narnians versus those loyal to the evil White Witch. And helping them out is the almighty lion Aslan.<br /><br />It's hard to describe Narnia(or Lord of the Rings or Harry Potter for that matter) without saying stuff like almighty, magical and whatnot but the nice thing about the film is that it doesn't over explain too much. One pr
review/text: I'm an avid fan of fantasy, and while it's been a number of years, I remember having the book read to me in elementary school.  The film brings to life a certain enchantment that's hard to describe in words.  The music and the assortment of Narnia's characters are the definite working charms here.  That being said, I have one major complaint: this would have been much better had it been produce
review/text: This is one of the most beautifully photographed movies ever.  It has a moody, atmospheric quality that is hard to describe; almost dreamlike in places. The storyline is fairly straightforward at first, but then becomes convoluted as the movie increasingly digresses into tangential areas including a fair amount of Weird A
t something about three crazy guys running over to the wash basins to 'sterilize' their hands, and then going around in a circle, drying their hands on the coat of the person in front of them...yeah, hard to describe.<br />  So it's not the best I've seen them do, but it's great.  I have an idea: I think MGM should release a dvd with all of their funny scenes on it.  That way we could just watch it and laugh, wit
n the middle and the end, when Jon is following the mysterious blonde, and the breathtaking shots of the park, and the stunning music in the soundtrack, so bittersweet and innocent, so 1960's, and SO hard to describe in mere words. The title song sounds a lot like The Byrds. Oh, and the whole bookstore sequence is hilarious!<br /><br />I'm sure you'll love this if you're a fan of De Niro and/or De Palma. It's a s
review/text: Amores perros is a movie that depicts a specific (3) story of typical lives of society in Mexico city. I really like these movies that will conserve through time the culture that is hard to describe in other arts.<br />must watch for those who love to understand this culture.
/><br />The first thing that people will notice about this film is it's eye-popping visuals. Anyone who has had the pleasure of seeing Mamoru Oshii's film Avalon will be familiar with the style. It's hard to describe exactly, but you'll know it when you see it. Everything has a soft focus, and a noir-ish black and a cool retro, almost black-and-white-but-not-quite tint. Some will say this is to cover up the CGI a
d to portray the 40 passengers and crew members are each to be applauded separately (and collectively), in my personal opinion, for their realistic and spot-on performances in this movie. It's really hard to describe how good this whole cast is. All of the performances from the men and women who share this cast roster will move you to tears. The terror on board that aircraft is so real during this movie, it's not
review/text: It's hard to describe how much I enjoyed this film.  Especially without sounding trite.  But "Ink" is undeniably exquisite.  The story it tells, the themes it brings in, the visuals, the soundtrack... everything is so poi
Ink I was not repulsed. One of the most interesting and moving movies I have seen in a long time. I hate using the term brilliant because it's vastly overused however I think this one case where it's hard to describe it in any other way. The acting is decent for such a low budget movie, the story is incredibly original, the cinematography is excellent and the visual effects rival anything that a big budget Hollyw
ch. Trust me it wasn't my idea. A friend had the DVD and being that we are fans of Jackass and some of Bam's other work we decided to pop it in. Wow. One rarely witnesses garbage this bad. I mean its hard to describe but we sat there in silence through the first pointless, and totally unfunny and idiotic 15 minutes. I looked at my friend and he said, "Trainwreck." For whatever reason we stayed with the film for a
's racing life in a beautiful way. The soundtrack is amazing too and matches this great movie.<br /><br />If you watch it on a morning, your whole day will go thinking about it. It moves you in a way hard to describe.<br /><br />This movie is a must watch for all.
 Raimi drives everything with his unique direction that places the action somewhere between a horror and a cartoon. It has great camera work, frantic shots and a real flair for the unreal; it is very hard to describe but it can be seen it many of his films.<br /><br />Campbell's ongoing cult status has only been helped recently by Bubba Ho-tep but this is where it basically began and part II only sees his continu
he score was used later as a full song on the soundtrack titled "Angel". With NINish drums and a hollow flute like melody this song encapsulates the feel of this movie better than anything else. It's hard to describe exactly how it does, but listen and you might get it. The final scene of the movie is an overhead shot of Mathilda that rises up to the New York skyline. This is accompanied by the song "Shape of My 
reepy, then downright pulse-pounding. The misguided and delusional dreams of Miss Pat push her and her son to violent measures, and the young pastor's wife is son caught in their web.<br /><br />It's hard to describe the levels of psychological suspense employed, because they are done so well. From TVs and phones, to snakes and chickens, all sorts of devices ratchet the tension while never neglecting character de
review/text: Words are hard to describe this masterpiece.  I remember seeing it in the theater (yes, it was actually released!) in sub-zero temperatures here in Michigan.  There were 4 of us in the theater, but we laughed the whole way  th
 boasts incredible animation, atmosphere and creativity. Ghost in a shell also has a very crisp and clear sound track and digital effects. <p>GS is quite an interesting movie, which is actually quite hard to describe plotwise without going two pages long :)<br />Its basically the matrix of anime, which has probably been said enough times to be a cliche.<br />Anyhow, be sure to catch this one, it'll be worth youre
 />As I got deeper into the film, I realised just how riveted I was at the musical score.  What a tremendous soundtrack!  The drawings, photos, camera sweeps and interviews come alive in a way that's hard to describe, when combined with the music.<br /><br />I was taken aback by the weight of emotion (mostly sadness) that the documentary was able to well up inside of me; there were so many incidents I was unaware
find myself looking away or feeling generally repulsed. but there's something shockingly correct about this film in particular and the perspective it shines on this home-model that is pure bs anyway. hard to describe the film, but i recommend it
 circumstances covered by this movie, I think anyone who considers the substance of the man's statement will find the crowd's knee-jerk enthusiasm for his removal, on reflection, sad in a way that is hard to describe.<br /><br />The film ends on a disquieting note, making points that I feel remain valid even though the key political suspects (an appropriate term) accused by the film no longer occupy the White Hou
entured out on a cold and snowy Friday afternoon to see a cinema society screening seemed to enjoy it as well. The surroundings and the receptive audience only made the movie that much better.<p>It's hard to describe the movie to friends...a movie about a dwarf who likes trains and inherits an abandoned depot. I simply tell them that it is about so much more than trains. But there are those "been there, done that
were some great fight scenes, which Matt Damon was quite good in.  The plot was superb with very little/to no holes in it.  It was both intriguing and suspenseful and had and ambiance about it that's hard to describe.  The superb cinematography was partially responsible for this but what I think added to the feel and really brought this movie to life was the musical score!  It did everything a good score does.  I
review/text: It's hard to describe the gamut of situations and emotions this "comedy" provides. Yes, it is a dog picture. But it's also a thoughts-about-life picture, and there are a number of lives crossing paths here. Winn-Dixie is 
review/text: A total waste of time. The movie is very poor and is a constant disorganized jumble of hard to describe what.
 comes out victorious. 9/10<br /><br />8. Edge and Christian versus the Hardy Boyz versus The Dudley Boyz in TLC II, this was in my opinion the best TLC match, I really enjoyed this match, it is very hard to describe in words, you just have to see it.<br /><br />9. Gimmick Battle Royal, It was cool to see the oldies come back for a bit, Doink the Clown, The Iron Shiek, Hillybilly Jim, and others, it was really sh
review/text: THis movie is nuts. There is so much going on here it's hard to describe. A great story coupled witha fantastic cast makes this one of my favorite movies. It's basically a 70's slapstick movie, and if you like those you will love this. Movies such as &quot;the great Race,
 but those that have seen it, say, &quot;Why wasn't this movie more popular?&quot; Maybe it was bad timing, or as some others suggested, just not correctly billed to the public.<p>Last Action Hero is hard to describe. It's funny, it's witty, with lots of those one-liners that Arnold became so popular with, and I loved the way he constantly poked fun at his fictional character as well as his &quot;real&quot; self.
own, it's a bit too long , and probably would've restored some poignancy. The other thing that I found surprisingly lacking, was it never really felt like Pitt's character was engaging...It's kind of hard to describe, but you never got to see any clever or interesting or unique dialogue that would lead his wife and Swinton's characters to gravitate to him...maybe the idea was they just picked up on his 'specialne
review/text: It's hard to describe the feelings this picture inspires. James Fenimore Cooper's book was one classic I read a couple of times when I was a teenager. The archaic English and the possible improbability of the story never 
t comedy ever". (Yes, there are scenes that u normaly lough at, but u just cant!!!)<br />But this movie is far beyond the sickest, most horifiying and dsturbng movie ever. It is just something that hard to describe!<p>"Funny Games" of Michael Haneke is like "Happy Days" and "Reservoir Dogs" of Tarantino is like "Snow White" when compaired to Salo!!!<p>Technically directing and acting is superior. But there is m
review/text: It's is hard to describe this film in words!!! Everything about this film is amazing, stylish, and plainly eye candy with each action scene eclipsing the last. This film is based on the comic book series called "Sin City", a
review/text: This is a movie that drips with cheese.<br />Silly special effects, basic plot, one dimensional characters.<br /><br />And it's one of my favorite movies of all time.<br /><br />It's hard to describe why I like this movie so much. Maybe it's because I grew up watching Kung Fu Theater as a kid, and so have a special place in my heart for bad effects with guys flying around on wires and the like.<b
e, and of course the seduction - wonderful scenes, even if taken in isolation. Bowie and Deneuve, promising "forever," put an additional chill into the first scene of his coffin.<br /><br />I find it hard to describe this movie - the action is subdued but meaningful. The visual styling has subtlety, something I appreciate more after seeing other movies that lack it.<br /><br />I like this one. I have trouble sayi
 upcoming play.  She has the tools to be the good half of the Swan Queen but the instructor played by Vincent Cassell is skeptical about Nina's ability to be dark and seductive.  But beyond that it's hard to describe what exactly is going on because it's a very intriguing yet difficult movie to understand and on top of that can take on many different interpretations.  What some people believe is nothing more than
ellas and Godfather 1&amp; 2) but I know class when I see it, and this is certainly that. The acting is great with interesting and intricate stories and fine musical scores. Tony is a character thats hard to describe, he tries to combine a fragile family life with the grusome violence of his &quot;job&quot;. With no disrespect to the other actors, Gandolfini is what makes the show so outstanding. This is truly th
nd care about him. Orlando Bloom was perfect as the wimpy and arrogant Paris that you loved to hate. But the showstopper performance would have to go to Eric Bana in his flawless role as Hector. It's hard to describe, you just have to see it.<br /><br />The best scene of the entire movie is the showdown between Achilles and Hector because Peterson directed it in a such a way that the tension is palpable. Also the
 guy had asked about her, she doesn't know what to do - and so she winds up acting like "a total geek" every time he's around.<br /><br />There are so many other little story lines going on that it's hard to describe it all here.  Suffice it to say that there are many hysterical moments - where you laugh till your cheeks hurt - and many others where your heart goes out to this "poor teen".  It brings back SOoooo 
review/text: I had never heard of this movie, nor Viggo Mortensen, when I first caught this on TV. It is now one of my most favorite films of all time. It's hard to describe why I love it so much and certainly the fact that I grew up in the 60's is part of its appeal. This is such a lovely little movie. Definitely a 4 hanky. And if you thought you liked Viggo in LOTR, he
the pornography that she is viewing. There are various other characters who come into contact with the pair and sexual fantasies are the main theme that drives the story forward.<p>In many ways it is hard to describe without actually seeing it. There is very little plot but the movie does have some very memorable characters and it does have a good climax. It is sort of like a tone-downed version of a David Lynch 
 Raimi drives everything with his unique direction that places the action somewhere between a horror and a cartoon. It has great camera work, frantic shots and a real flair for the unreal; it is very hard to describe but it can be seen it many of his films.<br /><br />Campbell's ongoing cult status has only been helped recently by Bubba Ho-tep but this is where it basically began and part II only sees his continu
 her other siblings, Peter, Susan and Edmund and actually get caught up in a war: Narnians versus those loyal to the evil White Witch. And helping them out is the almighty lion Aslan.<br /><br />It's hard to describe Narnia(or Lord of the Rings or Harry Potter for that matter) without saying stuff like almighty, magical and whatnot but the nice thing about the film is that it doesn't over explain too much. One pr
review/text: I'm an avid fan of fantasy, and while it's been a number of years, I remember having the book read to me in elementary school.  The film brings to life a certain enchantment that's hard to describe in words.  The music and the assortment of Narnia's characters are the definite working charms here.  That being said, I have one major complaint: this would have been much better had it been produce
review/text: Massacre at Central High is a very interesting film. Not exactly a slasher. Not exactly a high school flick. It's actually very hard to describe the movie. Since others have already done so, I will simply describe the quality of the dvd. It's obviously a vhs transfer and not a very good one at that (I'm referring to the DVD-R). I don't know i
review/text: This movie is hard to describe.  It's so funny, it puts me in tears, but it's not a typical comedy like Office Space or Anchorman or Billy Madison or whatever.  I think what strikes me about this movie is that it is so real.  The 
t comedy ever". (Yes, there are scenes that u normaly lough at, but u just cant!!!)<br />But this movie is far beyond the sickest, most horifiying and dsturbng movie ever. It is just something that hard to describe!<p>"Funny Games" of Michael Haneke is like "Happy Days" and "Reservoir Dogs" of Tarantino is like "Snow White" when compaired to Salo!!!<p>Technically directing and acting is superior. But there is m
s as close to being there as I can imagine.  The documentary style film covered all of the Apollo missions with actual historic footage blended with 3D enhancements, which were ultra realistic.  It's hard to describe.<br /><br />I enjoyed it so thoroughly, that I had to make a special trip to the Lockheed Martin IMAX theater at the National Air and Space Museum (the museum is worth the trip by itself) to take my 
they are revealed in the entire ambience Hitch successfully creates: The dreamy settings entrance you and pull you into their spell; The film's key images haunt you long after the film is over. It is hard to describe the power Vertigo contains: It ought simply to be experienced; Let its themes and images and sounds wash over you.<p>When I am drawn back to the film, it is precisely because of that sense of yearnin
, and it feels incredible. I have watched this movie more than any other movie and it never gets old. I saw it 15+ times in the theater and watched it many more times on DVD. Saying that, it is still hard to describe this movie. Visually STUNNING, from start to finish each scene is a visual masterpiece, a work of art.  The soundtrack and music compliments the visuals perfectly, and the song of the closing scene i
so take a look at this. The opening starts out with a pretty good and mysterious song, along with beautifully animated sequences. What I like best is how they end each episode, thought it's extremely hard to describe because you have to see it for yourself to believe me. Near the end, the ending song starts blending in, and then you get these sudden shifts of views which basically makes me want to watch the next 
ce after (The End Of The World) it's dark but has the action you expect. It centers around the bible but isn't what you might think, it didn't take away from the Movie or over power it. The ending is hard to describe so I won't, I liked it. Everyone takes it a little different. I don't think anyone would be disappointed with this Movie.
 Raimi drives everything with his unique direction that places the action somewhere between a horror and a cartoon. It has great camera work, frantic shots and a real flair for the unreal; it is very hard to describe but it can be seen it many of his films.<br /><br />Campbell's ongoing cult status has only been helped recently by Bubba Ho-tep but this is where it basically began and part II only sees his continu
picting the lives of the characters brought this viewer right into the era. The cinematography was outstanding taking what looked old (and should have) using creative styles of the present. I find it hard to describe, so you be the judge.<br /><br />If you are looking for a action movie, you will not find it here. This film ropes you into the mind and lives of the famed Jesse James and Robert Ford. An inside look
you require duels, shootouts, guns a blazin' and horses kicking up the dust..skip this movie. Don't get me wrong, I like all that as much as the next guy, but you won't find it here.<br /><br />It is hard to describe this film, part western, a little documentary, melancholy (a little Larry McMurtry), stirring, slow at times but emotionally moving, carefully crafted tension, and again, great music that carries the
n 1080p High Definition, we get a 7.1 DTS-HD Master Audio lossless soundtrack which sounds incredible!  Just the fact that the film looks and sounds better is significant.  The colors just pop!  It's hard to describe of how awesome this film looks on Blu-ray compared to previous video releases.  In the past, there was always this dreamy, hazy look to the film.  Though it was colorful, I have always thought that w
they are revealed in the entire ambience Hitch successfully creates: The dreamy settings entrance you and pull you into their spell; The film's key images haunt you long after the film is over. It is hard to describe the power Vertigo contains: It ought simply to be experienced; Let its themes and images and sounds wash over you.<p>When I am drawn back to the film, it is precisely because of that sense of yearnin
 girl between Clifton Powell and Vivica Fox is a homewrecker not their child.  How is she a stranger if she is their daughter?  That suggests incest which is not what the movie is about. The movie is hard to describe because I'm still trying to figure out the whole point.  During two separate scenes two differnet men declare their undying love for the mother and daughter of the movie still the end is the family s
so take a look at this. The opening starts out with a pretty good and mysterious song, along with beautifully animated sequences. What I like best is how they end each episode, thought it's extremely hard to describe because you have to see it for yourself to believe me. Near the end, the ending song starts blending in, and then you get these sudden shifts of views which basically makes me want to watch the next 
review/text: It is hard to describe what Adam Kelly has captured in his film "The Tracy Arm Experience". It is truly one of a kind. He captures the sublime nature of calving glaciers. Kelly lets the viewer understand the natural beauty
review/text: When I first saw Adaptation I thought it was pretty decent. Now I think it's one of the coolest movies ever. It's hard to describe what it's about, except to say that it is the story of a screenwriter trying to adapt a book about an orchid hunter, and eventually writing a script about not being able to write the screenplay about
nly dog I have had that dug her way back into my yard after inadvertantly getting locked out by an unsuspecting family member, so when you see this movie, you will see a story of an an animal that is hard to describe as just a dog. Her mannerisms are far separated from any other breed of dog I have have the good fortune to witness.<br /><br /> A story of an animal that devotes itself in a way that is uncommon, an
nce by Craig Bierko who is cute but quite believable as a cutthroat murderer.<br /><br />The music on this film is also good. Part of why I liked it so much is the 70's/80's songs that are used. It's hard to describe the songs, but they just fit really well with this movie.<br /><br />The Long Kiss Goodnight is great fun because it's actually FUNNY.  The humor is intelligent. It's not like some action films where
 boasts incredible animation, atmosphere and creativity. Ghost in a shell also has a very crisp and clear sound track and digital effects. <p>GS is quite an interesting movie, which is actually quite hard to describe plotwise without going two pages long :)<br />Its basically the matrix of anime, which has probably been said enough times to be a cliche.<br />Anyhow, be sure to catch this one, it'll be worth youre
review/text: I think most people believe this movie is good amusing fun.  I actually do believe there is a little more to it.  Its the hard to describe something that seperates the ok movies from the good films. The not so subtle commentary on domestic and suburban life is wittier and more profound than i'd expected.  I came away thinking i'd gotten
n 1080p High Definition, we get a 7.1 DTS-HD Master Audio lossless soundtrack which sounds incredible!  Just the fact that the film looks and sounds better is significant.  The colors just pop!  It's hard to describe of how awesome this film looks on Blu-ray compared to previous video releases.  In the past, there was always this dreamy, hazy look to the film.  Though it was colorful, I have always thought that w
maybe he's really terminally depressed and just playing himself onscreen. At any rate, this character is a charmer, and I absolutely love the way Owen plays him. This love triangle is about something hard to describe, but easy to feel if you are familiar. Owen loves the Queen with all his heart, but he knows from the get-go that anything ROMANTIC would only cheapen and weaken her as a person. So he is VERY honore
review/text: This film frightened me as a kid, when I first saw it on television, and the images stayed with me for a lifetime. There is a metaphor for pure evil in this film, although I find it hard to describe.<br /><br />The "bad alien" did not have to blast his ray gun at the woman in the swimming pool as she tried to get help. Skeletons don't swim, or float. They quietly sink to the bottom. Brrrrrrrrr!!
review/text: It hard to describe why this is a funny movie. Maybe its the absurdity of some of the scenes or the on-purpose low budget portions or the fact that its Will speaking Spanish the whole movie. You laugh at this movie for 
eerie score, strangely poor acting & locations really give it a kind of nauseating feel which really works in the film's favor.  There is some creepiness mixed in between laughs.  Very, very unique...hard to describe, hard to forget.  I'd imagine those involved must have had a blast making this oddity.  I applaud the film makers in finding the resources to get this thing made.  It must have been cool back in the 
tice the lack of many of the original Mancini songs in this print (most notably, in the opening shot).<p>This is one of the rare films where none of the characters are &quot;good,&quot; although it's hard to describe any of them as completely &quot;evil,&quot; either.  Each one, even the minor characters, are fully realized and three-dimensional, which bolsters the timelessness of the story and the effectiveness 
usual camera-in-the-backseat-looking-over-the-driver's-shoulder shot, but the innovative set up described above allows us to drive along with Hammer AND see most of the cool car's exterior, too. It's hard to describe these shots in a more specific manner, but viewers will notice and appreciate them immediately.<p>4) I liked the mysterious box with the strange, glowing contents that everyone is after. It's creepy 
e background, behind the swishing of the leaves and the twittering of this little bird comes a piano and French horn duet that absolutely fascinated me with it's solemn, haunting mellowness.  <p>It's hard to describe how powerfully the soundtrack melds into the visuals in this version of the classic children's book.  Usually, the soundtrack provides an underpinning for the visuals and tries not to get in the way 
). And this movie certainly sells the same heaping spoonful that everyone has to have someone, even if they settle. I'll give a brief bio of the characters as part of my review as the movie itself is hard to describe otherwise.<br /><br />Ginnifer Goodwin (Gigi) who we know from Big Love, is a delightful person you just want to layer in bubble wrap in hopes to keep her hopeless puppy heart from being broken. She 
nce by Craig Bierko who is cute but quite believable as a cutthroat murderer.<br /><br />The music on this film is also good. Part of why I liked it so much is the 70's/80's songs that are used. It's hard to describe the songs, but they just fit really well with this movie.<br /><br />The Long Kiss Goodnight is great fun because it's actually FUNNY.  The humor is intelligent. It's not like some action films where
review/text: This is one of my favorite movies by Mr. Campbell. It is very similar to quite a few SiFi/Horror flicks of the early and mid sixties. It is hard to describe the fun parts of this movie without going into details and giving some of the good bits away. It is funny only in that special way Mr. Campbell has of making something dark laughable. If you are a fa
laces, such as shortening a scene of a room being searched by leaving the camera in one place but jumping from 2-second clip to 2-second clip of the actress going through drawers, closets, etc.  It's hard to describe in text, but trust me, you'll know it when you see it.  I honestly thought the disc was damaged the first time it happened.<br /><br />Overall this film is -decent-.  It probably deserves about 2 1/2
review/text: It's hard to describe a movie like Simon Sez.  I think it's best to liken it to a train wreck: No matter how morbid, you just can't look away.  I find myself bizarrely attracted to this film.  It's just so....bad.  But th
review/text: I won't repeat what Kingdom Hospital is about as so many already have addressed it.  But, I can tell you how it affected me and my family who watched it.<br /><br />I find it hard to describe, in words, the overall tone, feeling, and discomfort I feel when I watch this.  Most of it takes place at night, or seems to.  A good part of my nursing career has been spent working nights, and I te
those who have not read the novel will probably not understand its significance.  Then the movie ends.<br /><br />Yet another highlight of this movie is its music.  In a word, it's--beautiful.  It is hard to describe but I might call it "quiet new age."  This music seems to heighten the emotion experienced in each scene.<br /><br />Finally, you don't have to read the novel to understand this movie.  However, if y
ew/text: Yellowbeard is memorable largely for being Marty Feldman's last movie.  He died of a heart attack induced by shellfish poisoning in Mexico City while filming it.  The film itself is a little hard to describe - think "Treasure Island" crossed with "Wizard of Oz" while tripping on especially bad 'shrooms.  The comedy is awesome right up until the last 10 minutes when the writers started to sober up and hav
review/text: This film is so hard to describe to people.  It's such a beautiful work.  Every piece of film, every part of the soundtrack creates a uniform atmosphere which shifts from humor, awkwardness, sadness, and reflection.  There are so ma
ction thriller presents a different kind of movie; one that actually feels a bit different. Michael Mann this time brings a unique camera work that mixes documentary style with digital...it's kind of hard to describe, but it works, it gives the film a sort of "independent" filmmaking look. Unfortunately Mann would use this exact same technique on "Miami Vice" in which it looks atrocious.<br /><br />Collateral beg
aw it) and for years I saw everything that came out. Most of the films slip away by the next day, but &quot;Inside Moves&quot; is easily my favorite movie and stays with me as I go through life. It's hard to describe how much I like this film. As often as I've mentioned it to others, I can't recall anyone responding with anything other than &quot;Never heard of it.&quot; That might explain why it may never get th
/><br />The first thing that people will notice about this film is it's eye-popping visuals. Anyone who has had the pleasure of seeing Mamoru Oshii's film Avalon will be familiar with the style. It's hard to describe exactly, but you'll know it when you see it. Everything has a soft focus, and a noir-ish black and a cool retro, almost black-and-white-but-not-quite tint. Some will say this is to cover up the CGI a
 shot<br /> a special music and photo gallery<br /> surprise Easter eggs<br /> even more behind the scenes footage edited by Jason Segal and Martin Starr<br /> and other things that are weird and hard to describe"<p>It runs for the steep price of $120, but the way I figure it is, this is the only season of F&G you're going to get, so you may as well do it right!  However, you won't go wrong with either versio
review/text: It's hard to describe the gamut of situations and emotions this "comedy" provides. Yes, it is a dog picture. But it's also a thoughts-about-life picture, and there are a number of lives crossing paths here. Winn-Dixie is 
 slowly, and the dialogue felt continually disjointed in that the mode in which some of the characters spoke wasn't something that seemed necessarily normal to me, especially with Jane herself.  It's hard to describe, but if you've seen the film you probably know what I'm talking about.  As far as the plot, after a while, but well before the surprise ending, I did sort of figure out what was going on, even though
 than that? The characters are also people you actually care about. Kurt Russell and Spader do an excellent job in the film. Overall, this film is another that to be seen to be believed. It really is hard to describe and has to be seen!
ly good action movie topic like Alexander the Great, but it was incredibley boring.<br /><br />First of all, the dialogue is awful. And when I say awful, I mean AWFUL. Why is it awful, that's kind of hard to describe. People just randomly arguing with eachother every second for no reason in particular except to add to the drama. As well as this, everything sounds incredibly awkward. no matter what the context. It
review/text: There was a time when video games were so graphically simple it's hard to describe why they appealed to us.  But they did; we'd never had anything like them.  I know I spent hours putting quarters into astroids and centipede.  The basis of this movie starts here, with Alex, a kid f
review/text: What is life like in a not too distant future? What we think is good today, can be barbaric tomorrow. It's hard to describe what this movie is about without giving the answer. You better see it to believe it.
 an idea.  I will show that idea - have it remain static in the frame for an uncomfortable amount of time so that the very slow (donkeys?) can absorb it, then move on to my next plodding idea."  It's hard to describe, and perhaps you would have had to have seen a large number of bad student projects to recognize the technique.  But about an hour into the movie you are hoping that somebody involved can get out and
ir game.  The score will take you away to a different time.  The story will make you reminiscent and nostalgic of your own youth and your friendships.  This is a movie everyone should see.  Words are hard to describe its sweet pain of loss and life...MTS
review/text: This is a movie that drips with cheese.<br />Silly special effects, basic plot, one dimensional characters.<br /><br />And it's one of my favorite movies of all time.<br /><br />It's hard to describe why I like this movie so much. Maybe it's because I grew up watching Kung Fu Theater as a kid, and so have a special place in my heart for bad effects with guys flying around on wires and the like.<b
s enjoyed futuristic Sci-Fi - Do not really remember if it appeared in comic form.<br /><br />Have yet to look at disc 2 -- have thoroughly enjoyed the actors concept of their characters - it is very hard to describe the feelings invocked upon seeing that ugly old Alien Queen - the nasty Company that wanted the Alien alive - no matter who has to die in the meantime.<br /><br />Oh Yeah! those guys were in for the 
 It finally hit me one night at blockbuster what I had been neglecting throughout my teenage years, rented Alien and brought it back to my dorm to the delight of my college buddies.<br /><br />  It's hard to describe the terror and tension Ridley Scott creates in this film.  The facehugger and chestburster scenes are truly the stuff nightmares are made of, the kinds of things that make you wake up yelling and swe
review/text: For me, paprika film was a reccomendation from a close friend, a not so hard core fan of anime, but still a good films lover. Not many words about it. It's hard to describe what's all about with Paprika without being a plot spoiler, but if yoou liked Inception you will definitely like Paprika. It's all about dreaming, and trying to find out what a dream means... and som
review/text: I was able to watch the beginning of this film but I couldn't finish the rest and I finally got to see it.  I can only say that this film is a crazy wild ride.  Very hard to describe but you'll be amazed if you like sci-fi films.  I agree that Hollywood would never make such a daring film, not because of the money, but because of the creativity needed to create something like thi
review/text: American History X is very hard to describe into words, for me at least. A white man goes to prison after killing a black man that was trying to steal his fathers car. One catch: the man is part of the local skinhead movement. He's the youth l
n 1080p High Definition, we get a 7.1 DTS-HD Master Audio lossless soundtrack which sounds incredible!  Just the fact that the film looks and sounds better is significant.  The colors just pop!  It's hard to describe of how awesome this film looks on Blu-ray compared to previous video releases.  In the past, there was always this dreamy, hazy look to the film.  Though it was colorful, I have always thought that w
review/text: This is one of my favorite movies by Mr. Campbell. It is very similar to quite a few SiFi/Horror flicks of the early and mid sixties. It is hard to describe the fun parts of this movie without going into details and giving some of the good bits away. It is funny only in that special way Mr. Campbell has of making something dark laughable. If you are a fa
review/text: This was such a piece of [film] it's hard to describe.  I bought it based on the cover, thought I was getting a 'kung fu' flick, you know lots of choreographed fights, etc.  It was just a [bad] bunch of meaningless stuff strung together and called a mov
rprising stars like Tom Cruise and Julianne Moore wouldn't hesitate to work in this movie.  All of the characters were so well realized, that there wasn't a single storyline that left me bored.  It's hard to describe Anderson's genius in words, but all it takes is one look at his work to see it.  Look at this, Boogie Nights and Punch Drunk Love in particular for a unique movie making style.  I wish he'd churn out
review/text: OMG it's hard to describe the ineptitude on display in this "homage" to The Birds.  Is it the absurd CGI?  The robotic lead actor?  The painfully slow shots of people walking, doors opening, and doors closing?  I'm in shock a
, starring Jake Gyllenhaal, Jamie Foxx, and Peter Sarsgaard, concerns a Marine Corps unit preparing to be deployed during the first Persian Gulf war in 1991. This movie fails on so many points, it is hard to describe where to begin. The script and story are inconsistent, murky, and unoriginal, with most of Jarhead's theme taken from earlier psychotic military epics such as Apocalypse Now and Full Metal Jacket. Th
Personally, THE CHURCH speaks to me in terms of what I like to see in a 1980's Horror film.  I'm a child of the late 80's and I tend to gravitate towards the movies of that time period.  It's kind of hard to describe why I like that era the best in terms of Horror, but anyone who's a fan of Robert Englund's interpretation of THE PHANTOM OF THE OPERA or John Carpenter's PRINCE OF DARKNESS knows what I'm talking ab
rs out, gradually recovers, and can't remember a thing. He meets a number of people, most of whom help him in some way or another. He meets a Salvation Army woman and a relationship developes.<p>It's hard to describe this movie. The dialoque is often funny, but delivered absolutely deadpan. There is no excitement, but a rich development of story and relationships through incidents that happen to the lead characte
review/text: It's is hard to describe this film in words!!! Everything about this film is amazing, stylish, and plainly eye candy with each action scene eclipsing the last. This film is based on the comic book series called "Sin City", a
review/text: I had the definite fortune of seeing this film for the first time as a midnight show in an actual theater many years ago. I'd been a Beatlemaniac for several years, and it is hard to describe the feeling of actually seeing and hearing live, moving Beatles after seeing b&w stills of the movie for years in magazines, etc.<br />This film remains staunchly in my top 10 movies of all time, bar
lm features an Oscar-Winning screenplay, superb acting from Kate Hudson, Patrick Fugit, and Billy Crudup, and a story you will never forget.  There is so much to appreciate about this film that it is hard to describe it without rambling on and on.  So, bottom line: See this film!
 that the text becomes easily dissected.  To me this is neither a plus or minus since Shakespeare's choice of wording is deliberately melodic and a joy to hear or read in any context.<br /><br />It's hard to describe the story without inferring subtext.  But the point is that this film is for those that enjoy modern translations of Shakespeare - this is full of great actors, beautiful cinematic scenes, and well t
ers in the foreground with an open field of heartland America in the background. I finally got to see HOOSIERS on video and I am sure glad that I did. This is one of my all-time favorite movies. It's hard to describe but this movie is what America is all about. Great performances, photography and a brilliantly emotionally charged score composed by Jerry Goldsmith contribute to the success of this film. One critic
ers in the foreground with an open field of heartland America in the background. I finally got to see HOOSIERS on video and I am sure glad that I did. This is one of my all-time favorite movies. It's hard to describe but this movie is what America is all about. Great performances, photography and a brilliantly emotionally charged score composed by Jerry Goldsmith contribute to the success of this film. One critic
ers in the foreground with an open field of heartland America in the background. I finally got to see HOOSIERS on video and I am sure glad that I did. This is one of my all-time favorite movies. It's hard to describe but this movie is what America is all about. Great performances, photography and a brilliantly emotionally charged score composed by Jerry Goldsmith contribute to the success of this film. One critic
e, and of course the seduction - wonderful scenes, even if taken in isolation. Bowie and Deneuve, promising "forever," put an additional chill into the first scene of his coffin.<br /><br />I find it hard to describe this movie - the action is subdued but meaningful. The visual styling has subtlety, something I appreciate more after seeing other movies that lack it.<br /><br />I like this one. I have trouble sayi
d the scenery is absolutely amazing. I own the soundtrack to this movie and it is a pure joy to listen to. Especially when I am walking early in the morning. The music is so beautiful. It's litreally hard to describe. It's like listening to sounds from Heaven if Heaven exists.<br /><br />As far as the story goes - We see things from the point of view of various characters. The two main ones being Confederate Gene
review/text: It is really hard to describe this movie, but I will try. According to Joseph Pistone, this movie is about 95% true. This movie is based on the experience of Joseph D. Pistone. In this movie he is played by Jonny Depp. Joseph wor
they are revealed in the entire ambience Hitch successfully creates: The dreamy settings entrance you and pull you into their spell; The film's key images haunt you long after the film is over. It is hard to describe the power Vertigo contains: It ought simply to be experienced; Let its themes and images and sounds wash over you.<p>When I am drawn back to the film, it is precisely because of that sense of yearnin
 emotion with the Bride, Bill, and B.B., any film lover will relish the opportunity to watch and rewatch this as a classic.  The final act at Bill's place feels so classic and surreal, it's just very hard to describe.  The wide variety of emotions, from anger and longing to love and regret, combined with fantastic Tarantino dialogue and some quick bursts of action, all come together to create an immortal moment i
itchcock. Hitch himself was disappointed with the film and later noted that "it's just another manhunt story wrapped in pseudo-psychology".<br /><br />The story is so confused and confusing that it's hard to describe. Gregory Peck (1916-2003) plays a doctor suffering from amnesia who impersonates another doctor who turns out to be a man whom Peck thinks he killed, but in fact it's the old doctor (Leo G. Carroll) 
hecked thoroughly enough.<br /><br />I still enjoyed this Initial D: 3rd stage release very much even with the lackluster video quality...it still had a nice "movie" like presentation quality that is hard to describe, but worked.<br /><br />Lows: Video has quality issues (dark image, dust/hair visible, image sharpness - more like VHS quality) and English dubbing still not right for the series<br /><br />Highs: St
review/text: This series is a good Price and value but it is not as good as the movie. The Movie was great. It is hard to describe what made the movie work. Maybe it was a combination of the storyline, action sequences, and characters, but it all came together with a classic ending. This series seem to lack some of the chemistry
review/text: This series is a good Price and value but it is not as good as the movie. The Movie was great. It is hard to describe what made the movie work. Maybe it was a combination of the storyline, action sequences, and characters, but it all came together with a classic ending. This series seem to lack some of the chemistry
d dance (they're all stiff and speak like a child who's pretending to be grown-up). Two hosts of a cooking show sing a catchy song about cooking, but their advice is a bit unhinged.<br /><br />VPN is hard to describe. At times it feels like an art house film. Other times it's wacky, broad comedy. Sometimes it's just throwing a barrage of stimuli at you for no reason. In its own way, it's beautiful. I think everyo
 also presented in all of their artistic over the top camp glory.  In these Price is Phibes, an amalgamation of a number of his past screen personas mixed into one calm monster out for revenge.  It's hard to describe the flicks without giving away too much, but these are a very nice example of methodical, theatrical, and well researched revenge plots that believe it or not cement the cinematic base for films like
 with a control freak-esque local girl in a run-down flat in a northeastern college town, wouldn't it have been great if I'd lived with a bunch of cool people in Spain? Oh, well.<br /><br />I find it hard to describe what this movie is about, so I'll leave it to others who have no doubt done a fine job of detailing its quirky, thin-yet-rich plot. To say it depicts the inner landscape of a young Frenchman's evolvi
review/text: This film is uniquely beautiful, especially in high definition.  Its hard to describe it justly, but its almost a visual meditation - no narration or dialog, just a stream of consciousness showing scenes of nature and of mankind, both striking and beautiful.  Its quite a visual feast 
erwards that you truly experienced a global tour.<p>Baraka begins at a rather cautious pace, and as each scene passes by your vision, the intensity and depth slowly but steadily increases. It's a bit hard to describe, but I feel in a way that it causes the viewer to look inward at his/her own view of what the world is about and what life means. In a way, it compells you to ask yourself some deep questions. Make s
 acquire a Blu-ray player.". Most reviews before this date 10-30-08 are most likely for the DVD version. I have a 47 inch LG LCD 1080p tv and a brand new Panasonic DMP-DB35 Blu-ray disk player. It is hard to describe how good this movie looks on my TV. The movie has no dialog and is a series of scenes from around the world set to music. There is no computer animation in this movie but the movie was recorded on 65
review/text: Audrey Hepburn is Holly Golightly. There is and was only one. It is hard to describe the attraction of this film, yet it still captivates me every time I view it. I think it has something to do with the time and place when it was made, a carefree time that exists no longer and a time
so much so that it will spark a new trend in Hollywood. It's not that the feature isn't entertaining, it is. The problem is that it is nothing more then that. The feeling this film leaves you with is hard to describe, so here's the best way one can put it: If you are at a buddy's house for a night with your best friends and the School of Rock is the film of choice, you won't exactly try to weasel everyone out of 
review/text: It's is hard to describe this film in words!!! Everything about this film is amazing, stylish, and plainly eye candy with each action scene eclipsing the last. This film is based on the comic book series called "Sin City", a
d a talking brain. (You heard me right.) The evil madman tries to tap into these children's dreams so that he may try and gain a soul.<p>Ok, if you're still reading this, clearly your intrigued. It's hard to describe the look and feel of this movie. It's got a little of everything, sci-fi, fantasy, drama, and comedy. It's dark and light at the same time. Sci-fi action enthusiasts should know that this really does
i-fi sleeper &quot;This Island Earth&quot;  We watch them as they watch the movie, ad-libbing the entire script.  The original dialogues are left in, so the result is a text within a text.  A concept hard to describe, and even harder not to enjoy.
eams, which later appears to have a connection to a mysterious cult operating on campus, which has already caused the death of at least one student.<br /><br />Like most Greg Araki films, this one is hard to describe or classify.  It is equal parts a light romantic comedy, satire pointing out the fluid nature of sexuality,  murder mystery and story about an international conspiracy.  The story is intentionally fu
review/text: It's hard to describe Vincent Gallo's "The Brown Bunny" in words because it does not operate on a narrative level.  Most movies tell a story, The Brown Bunny tells an emotion.  Were it that easy to describe that emotion, 
ainst the cardboard, causing scratches if theres any sort of dirt or dust in there.  Another VERY MINOR annoyance to me was the very front flap would fold in the improper spot, again, very minor, and hard to describe, but it did it for every season, so I'm sure others have noticed what I'm talking about.  The holders are made from 1 long sheet of paper, folded several times.  Then, when placed in the box, the dis
ms (Happy Gilmore, Billy Madison, Little Nicky, Click), I found hilarious. I love stupid comedy films (Blades of Glory and Semi-Pro had some great stuff in them) but this was just so bland.<br />It's hard to describe why this film is so bad. Lots of him doing physically incredible things as the Israeli Super Soldier, putting a fish down his swim trunks, catching one in his butt, tying guys into pretzels, just doe
 'what if's and their implications.<br /><br />Almost from the opening shot, DOLLHOUSE draws you in to its world. The whole series has a certain visual texture and characteristic `feel' to it that is hard to describe but very alluring. The set was absolutely gorgeous. The first three episodes are probably the weakest of the series (relatively) and act as orientation to the world of the dollhouse. After that, the 
review/text: It's sort of hard to describe this movie.  Put it this way.  I didn't know what in the world I was looking at when I caught Clerks mid-way through in the fall of 1996.  I was in Navy specialty school in Meridian, MS when somebody
realize you've seen a really good movie. There's lots of symbolism and repeated motifs to pick up so it also stands up well in repeat viewings. I recommend this movie to all my friends. It's a little hard to describe so I pretty much say "just see it and then we'll talk about it".<br /><br />I'm not a movie critic; I'm just critiquing a movie.
review/text: Hard to see just once.... hard to describe..... not a chick flick...... starts out as a small choir and ends in the crescendo of the london symphony banging on your wall..... turn up the sound and bass up in your entertainment center...... an
a hot pink color. Again, let me remind you, this is not your typical action movie.<br /><br />My only major gripe with this film is the very long periods of silence. I know this sounds weird and it's hard to describe what I mean but there are many scenes where Driver and Irene just stare at each other-- or Irene would ask him a question and it would take him forever to answer back. This goes on a lot during the f
five minutes and continued. disc two was the same, as was disc three. Requested a replacement, which came within a WEEK; we were so happy! only to find this set of season three had the same problems. hard to describe how FRUSTRATED we were! we don't blame the merchants, but doubt if we ever purchase a product from fx network again.
usual camera-in-the-backseat-looking-over-the-driver's-shoulder shot, but the innovative set up described above allows us to drive along with Hammer AND see most of the cool car's exterior, too. It's hard to describe these shots in a more specific manner, but viewers will notice and appreciate them immediately.<p>4) I liked the mysterious box with the strange, glowing contents that everyone is after. It's creepy 
good time chewing the scenery and overacting to extreme levels.<br /><br />Of course, that also means that like other reviewers have noted, there are a few scenes that just fall flat.<br /><br />It's hard to describe this movie and in many ways harder to rate it.  Even in the extra about the movie the one director admits that four different men directed different segments, there were rewrites up to the last minut
review/text: I think most people believe this movie is good amusing fun.  I actually do believe there is a little more to it.  Its the hard to describe something that seperates the ok movies from the good films. The not so subtle commentary on domestic and suburban life is wittier and more profound than i'd expected.  I came away thinking i'd gotten
6'8&quot; since he had to look up to him. Jimmy Stewart's subtle, thoughtful performance gives a surreal quality to a film that feels mostly like a well done stage play, but has an edge to it that is hard to describe and should be experienced by any movie lover or person interested in thinking about life, familiy, and one's view of reality. A must for the DVD collection.
 place. When the engine roars and cars explode into flames it isn't silly, it's movie magic of the best kind, like when Luke's X-Wing lands that shot into the Death Star in Star Wars.<br /><br />It's hard to describe without actually seeing it for yourself, but the cartoon universe of Speed Racer really is created wonderfully in this film. Everything from the sky to the furniture has an over-exposed super-vivid q
flat.<br /><br />A slow moving period piece that is sometimes dramatic, sometimes delightful, sometimes intense, sometimes deliberate, sometimes too sensual, and sometimes...well...almost off?!  It's hard to describe, that although I really enjoyed this film and will buy the DVD when it's out, there was some missing element from this film.  It was gorgeous.  It was well-acted, and fairly well-written.  It was wel
n 1080p High Definition, we get a 7.1 DTS-HD Master Audio lossless soundtrack which sounds incredible!  Just the fact that the film looks and sounds better is significant.  The colors just pop!  It's hard to describe of how awesome this film looks on Blu-ray compared to previous video releases.  In the past, there was always this dreamy, hazy look to the film.  Though it was colorful, I have always thought that w
re. You have to sort of watch the others and this back to back to see the difference. I just find his verbal scenes in this one a lot less satisfying, the Hannibal signature is starting to lack. It's hard to describe.<br /><br />2. The new main character, Edward Norton, is a great actor HOWEVER he does not fit this role nearly as well as his predecessors. He just doesn't have it. He's a fantastic actor in other m
ly good action movie topic like Alexander the Great, but it was incredibley boring.<br /><br />First of all, the dialogue is awful. And when I say awful, I mean AWFUL. Why is it awful, that's kind of hard to describe. People just randomly arguing with eachother every second for no reason in particular except to add to the drama. As well as this, everything sounds incredibly awkward. no matter what the context. It
were some great fight scenes, which Matt Damon was quite good in.  The plot was superb with very little/to no holes in it.  It was both intriguing and suspenseful and had and ambiance about it that's hard to describe.  The superb cinematography was partially responsible for this but what I think added to the feel and really brought this movie to life was the musical score!  It did everything a good score does.  I
 and goes to see him, pretending like she's utterly happy with her new guy and her new life. But that passion between them is still there.<br /><br />There's lots of little bits to this movie so it's hard to describe in such a short space. Does everything work out? Well, sort of. I suppose it does, but I guess it really depends on how you look at. The ending is so sappy that I could've sworn someone just dumped h
rprising stars like Tom Cruise and Julianne Moore wouldn't hesitate to work in this movie.  All of the characters were so well realized, that there wasn't a single storyline that left me bored.  It's hard to describe Anderson's genius in words, but all it takes is one look at his work to see it.  Look at this, Boogie Nights and Punch Drunk Love in particular for a unique movie making style.  I wish he'd churn out
ll that said I really liked this and the acting was fantastic. Patton Oswalt was great in this and I hope he gets more work like this character. I recommend this, but unless you have seen "Juno" it's hard to describe the comedy. Overall, a really good comedy that makes you laugh but feels weird when you do. I give it an A-.
t something about three crazy guys running over to the wash basins to 'sterilize' their hands, and then going around in a circle, drying their hands on the coat of the person in front of them...yeah, hard to describe.<br />  So it's not the best I've seen them do, but it's great.  I have an idea: I think MGM should release a dvd with all of their funny scenes on it.  That way we could just watch it and laugh, wit
review/text: This film frightened me as a kid, when I first saw it on television, and the images stayed with me for a lifetime. There is a metaphor for pure evil in this film, although I find it hard to describe.<br /><br />The "bad alien" did not have to blast his ray gun at the woman in the swimming pool as she tried to get help. Skeletons don't swim, or float. They quietly sink to the bottom. Brrrrrrrrr!!
 really quick editing and brutal gore. But personally that's not scary, it's just gross. Saw 2 doesn't change this, even though it's admittedly good concept is intact.<br /><br />The Jigsaw Killer is hard to describe as a murderer since he doesn't actually do it, his victims do. Being someone who "saves people's lives", he devises ways where people have to do something painful in order to escape. Most of them don
 really quick editing and brutal gore. But personally that's not scary, it's just gross. Saw 2 doesn't change this, even though it's admittedly good concept is intact.<br /><br />The Jigsaw Killer is hard to describe as a murderer since he doesn't actually do it, his victims do. Being someone who "saves people's lives", he devises ways where people have to do something painful in order to escape. Most of them don
tains Manga moments but is for children and adults alike will love it too. The animation is sublime and the visuals are like a dream come to life. You have never seen anything like this before. It is hard to describe the story because the fantasy really is thick and at least ninety percent of the film takes places in a dreamlike vision, yet it still manages to gel together and you know that you are witnessing som
review/text: This was such a piece of [film] it's hard to describe.  I bought it based on the cover, thought I was getting a 'kung fu' flick, you know lots of choreographed fights, etc.  It was just a [bad] bunch of meaningless stuff strung together and called a mov
review/text: It's hard to describe the feelings this picture inspires. James Fenimore Cooper's book was one classic I read a couple of times when I was a teenager. The archaic English and the possible improbability of the story never 
est she has done in quite some time (a great comeback after the horrible "Stepford Wives" remake) and Sean Penn takes a more laid back approach to his character here and it works to his benefit. It's hard to describe this movie without giving anything away (it has a pretty standard political assassination plot), but if you are the mood for a political thriller which focuses on the character drama just as much as 
 films that doesn't come along much anymore.  It is not a remake or based loosely off a video game. This film is a smart, creative, original, and beautifully crafted masterpiece.  It's actually quite hard to describe because it is indeed very different.<br /><br />The script itself is largely complex at times.  Many twists and turns leave the viewer wondering what the hell is going on.  This makes The Prestige ve
ually.  Certainly wasn't too hard to look at either!<br /><br />Nolan's directing is so incredible here.  The man puts his heart in his art and it shows 100%.  The way the film is shot is also almost hard to describe because it is absolutely beautiful in every sense of the word.  The lighting and photography go beyond incredible.  The two work together  perfectly creating the slightly dark mood for the film and i
review/text: It's hard to describe this film. It's kind of like Dawn of the Dead meets Leave It To Beaver. A little campy but twas meant to be. Just the opening educational newsreel shown in the school classroom is worth the price of 
review/text: It's hard to describe a movie like Simon Sez.  I think it's best to liken it to a train wreck: No matter how morbid, you just can't look away.  I find myself bizarrely attracted to this film.  It's just so....bad.  But th
 on and on about this film but suffice to say that so far I haven't met anyone who didn't find "Raising Arizona" hilarious. And as any great Coen brothers film, it has a certain mythic quality that's hard to describe, but is present all of of the brothers' best efforts. When I was single, I often used Coen brothers films as a barometer of sorts for prospective boyfriends. For instance, I remember seeing "Fargo" o
review/text: I have had the privilege of watching the entire Mushi-shi series and I can honestly say that it is an amazing series that continues to take my breath away.<br /><br />The story is hard to describe but easy to understand once you begin to watch it.  Ginko, the Mushi-shi who collects the mushi, is as mysterious as the mushi he collects.  The pastoral pacing and the episodic nature of each instal
 than that? The characters are also people you actually care about. Kurt Russell and Spader do an excellent job in the film. Overall, this film is another that to be seen to be believed. It really is hard to describe and has to be seen!
><br />Prima Princessa jots from of a real performance of the Swan Lake ballet to a cute cartoon ballet dancer "Prima Princessa" who introduces ballet moves performed by little girls.<br /><br />It's hard to describe it since it isn't like any other children's DVD I have ever seen, but my 2 1/2 year old dances right along with it and keeps wanting to watch it over and over again.<br /><br />We had my nieces ages 
review/text: It's is hard to describe this film in words!!! Everything about this film is amazing, stylish, and plainly eye candy with each action scene eclipsing the last. This film is based on the comic book series called "Sin City", a
hood, later indiscretions and addictions only endeared her more in the hearts of the French. Her full-throated torch singing went beyond merely rousing, into some realm of earthy magnificence that is hard to describe. Always a gamer, always ready to party the night away, within her brief time on this planet she packed in so much passion [Marcel Cerdan, Europe's greatest boxer, was both the love of her life and a 
review/text: Cloverfield is so unique it's so hard to describe.  It is mainly an action movie, but its artistic because it's filmed like the "Blair Witch" in first person camcorder-style.  Mix in a bit of a Godzilla movie with some demonology ie, Cthulu, from H.
tains Manga moments but is for children and adults alike will love it too. The animation is sublime and the visuals are like a dream come to life. You have never seen anything like this before. It is hard to describe the story because the fantasy really is thick and at least ninety percent of the film takes places in a dreamlike vision, yet it still manages to gel together and you know that you are witnessing som
 comes out victorious. 9/10<br /><br />8. Edge and Christian versus the Hardy Boyz versus The Dudley Boyz in TLC II, this was in my opinion the best TLC match, I really enjoyed this match, it is very hard to describe in words, you just have to see it.<br /><br />9. Gimmick Battle Royal, It was cool to see the oldies come back for a bit, Doink the Clown, The Iron Shiek, Hillybilly Jim, and others, it was really sh
e background, behind the swishing of the leaves and the twittering of this little bird comes a piano and French horn duet that absolutely fascinated me with it's solemn, haunting mellowness.  <p>It's hard to describe how powerfully the soundtrack melds into the visuals in this version of the classic children's book.  Usually, the soundtrack provides an underpinning for the visuals and tries not to get in the way 
ly good action movie topic like Alexander the Great, but it was incredibley boring.<br /><br />First of all, the dialogue is awful. And when I say awful, I mean AWFUL. Why is it awful, that's kind of hard to describe. People just randomly arguing with eachother every second for no reason in particular except to add to the drama. As well as this, everything sounds incredibly awkward. no matter what the context. It
 what I saw but enjoyed every bit.<br /><br />Most of the dialogue is in Turkish which is a gift for native speakers. The people, the places and the music all work together in creating a mood that is hard to describe. I liked it very much.<br /><br />An unexpected surprize is the session with Sezen Aksu. She is defient, confident and outright amazing in her mastery of her art.<br /><br />The last session, filmed 
e unrestored film stock copied for this edition.<br /><br />Beyond the emulsion's natural grain, the celluloid used by this white label outfit seems to have lost a bit of transparency. Thus there's a hard to describe faint north/south cloudiness that can almost be seen to move with the 24 fps advancement of the film.<br /><br />Dirt spots and white drop-out flecks occur during early reel changes. At such times th
an say is, it is worth watching, because depending on how you view movies, you may really enjoy this. Basically it is one of those movies that I think you just have to see for yourself, because it is hard to describe how it's great and bad at the same time without you having seen it.
 than that? The characters are also people you actually care about. Kurt Russell and Spader do an excellent job in the film. Overall, this film is another that to be seen to be believed. It really is hard to describe and has to be seen!
 effects over CGI effects any day.  At least you don't actually see the ghost.  This movie makes you use your imagination and is pretty unpredictable.  This movie has an early '70s feel to it that is hard to describe.  Highly recommended.
 ago, the colossal orchestra sits in center the stage and everything actually occur around it. The decor is made of a system of scaffolding and other items and has an abstract character that is quite hard to describe. There are a few other simple additional elements like trees or a big pile of metal crosses. Everything is symbolic and hinted. Normally with Audi, the costumes are made of crude and simple wool, and
review/text: Well it's kind of hard to describe this film. It's such a mix of elements that you can't really categorize it. On the one hand it's a romance with great chemistry between Elisabeth Shue and Val Kilmer. On the other hand  it's and acti
review/text: Little House on the Prairie is wonderful, BRILLIANT! It's hard to describe this series, it is too beautiful and warming to be descibed (not only season 6 but also all the other seasons). DON'T MISS IT!
 who wants to be lovable, but whose seriously twisted family background makes that impossible.<p>Angela Lansbury steals this movie, however, as the ultimate &quot;mother-from-hell&quot;<p>The plot is hard to describe in brief, but it involves Harvey, a Communist conspiracy and Harvey's red-baiting inebriate of a stepfather, played by James Gregory with a not-subtle resemblance to Joe McCarthy.<p>This film works b
review/text: This film frightened me as a kid, when I first saw it on television, and the images stayed with me for a lifetime. There is a metaphor for pure evil in this film, although I find it hard to describe.<br /><br />The "bad alien" did not have to blast his ray gun at the woman in the swimming pool as she tried to get help. Skeletons don't swim, or float. They quietly sink to the bottom. Brrrrrrrrr!!
review/text: This is one of my favorite movies by Mr. Campbell. It is very similar to quite a few SiFi/Horror flicks of the early and mid sixties. It is hard to describe the fun parts of this movie without going into details and giving some of the good bits away. It is funny only in that special way Mr. Campbell has of making something dark laughable. If you are a fa
review/text: Loved this movie and completely recommend it.  It's a little hard to describe...it's pretty wild, and can't really think of any other movie to compare it to, but it's absolutely worth watching.  I didn't know what to expect before watching it, but I'm a big fan of both Val Kil
so take a look at this. The opening starts out with a pretty good and mysterious song, along with beautifully animated sequences. What I like best is how they end each episode, thought it's extremely hard to describe because you have to see it for yourself to believe me. Near the end, the ending song starts blending in, and then you get these sudden shifts of views which basically makes me want to watch the next 
 mission--about half the time he has left--not to say that when duty calls-real men don't answer--but this is absurd--it't the end of the world--and he's taking off from his wife and child.<br />It's hard to describe just how boring this movie is--about the only excitement is finding out a coke bottle is tapping out morse code<br />Gregory Peck and Anthony Perkins are among my favorite actors--but even they can't
the floor<br /><br />If you want to read on, I'm going to cover what's in the box and what the details of the program are and then what it's done for me and members of my family. The program is a bit hard to describe, but I will try my best.<br /><br />WHAT'S IN THE BOX<br />The set includes a nicely packaged DVD set that consists of:<br />* The Master Scroll--This is an introductory DVD and also has the entire T
review/text: It is hard to describe this movie other than to say it is full of very nice but predictable fight scenes. I'd say one of the only reasons to really watch it is for the amazing special effects seen in sub-zero's brother's i
review/text: This was so far ahead of its time that it is hard to describe.  Ic an see a bunch of stuff from STarwars in this.  The way the Robo-cops act is like the robots in Starwars... etc.<br /><br />Buy it!
 If you like seing graphic depictions of arms and legs being broken, then check this out. For all the tai chi style of martial arts I would've expected a hong kong star in the lead role instead.  Its hard to describe the way this production is other than to say it's the type that you'd see direct to video or premium channel. The production is great for what their budget was no doubt.  I still felt like I was shor
y favourite scenes is where Rathebe recounts how they would sing revolutionary songs and the whites would look at them and praise them for their melody not realising what the actual lyrics were. It's hard to describe that scene in words, but its wonderfully shot and the two matriarchs burst into spontaneous laughter at the memory, and yet the viewer is never allowed to forget the pain of the condescension and hum
review/text: It's extremely hard to describe this movie in words...this movie is just too good.  Finnaly there is a horror movie for those of us who appreciate "real" horror movies.  I was getting really tired of all the so called horror movies
es you unsure whether to buy the "Wonderfalls" DVD collection, I apologize.  I recommend the show highly, and like it so much that I didn't want to detract from your enjoyment in the slightest.  It's hard to describe, but worthwhile to those who take a leap of faith.
ountry music writer Ken Sutherland. This is a B-ish movie with a bit of language and grittiness, but more depth than you might think for its kind. I would give it a PG rating. It's a unique movie and hard to describe. Points and emotions of the storyline are well developed, and while Savannah and family are reunited at the end, the ending is kind of unclear. Disgusted by her husband's self absorption, Savannah's 
udent clad in a skeleton costume sneaks up behind them and puts his arms under their shoulders, using his hands as their hands while the completely out-of-it L&H try to smoke with "their" hands. It's hard to describe this comedy bit but the timing is so absolutely perfect and execution of this piece of nuttiness so seamless that you have to laugh loudly. This scene is worth the price of this video. Any comedy buf
ed to stay away from the slums, at all cost. Sr. Meirelles is to be commended for creating a world unto itself, so complex that the mind boggles; so brutal, I'm amazed that anyone remains alive. It's hard to describe the film, but its images are etched in my mind. Brilliant cinematography and editing draw you in and don't let go, even at over 2 hours. I have no problem with subtitles, but the narration and dialog
character. In his early life, he's dumb but not that dumb. But through parts of his later life (like the 60's) he's suddenly smart and aware of things, especially after meeting Elvis. Cox is somewhat hard to describe but he's mostly simple and kind, often trying to do the right things for his family and make music, as he loves to do, but often gets caught up in "the Temptations." I guess I'm saying that his chara
your typical thriller with a twist.  Many things don't work, but plenty of them do.  You have a talented cast, a decent story, and a fair ending that isn't the greatest, but is not a total dud.  It's hard to describe the movie too much without spoiling it.  So I will simply say that a married man decides to have an affair, and that turns out to be the biggest mistake of his life in more ways than one.  This movie
review/text: Any Given Sunday (DVD) is a &quot;pro&quot; football film experience that is hard to describe in typed words. I have watched it many times and affirm that it really gets one &quot;ready for some football&quot;. The story is a collection of mini-stories, all woven into the tapestry of professi
review/text: This French film (with subtitles) of a play of the 19th century is excellent. It's hard to describe other than it's about love, integrity, courage, not being a "yesman"  in opposition to the trickery, murder and bad luck (tragedy) of this fallen world. If one doesn't have courage, the other virtues
gs in the world must balance.  Bruce Willis and Samuel L. Jackson both gave stellar performances in the primary roles.  I find myself at a loss for words (which happens infrequently) ... this film is hard to describe without giving away too much of the plot.  Willis portrays a man who can't be injured ... Jackson, a man who is very easily hurt physically.  The film has some childhood flashback scenes for both cha
teless comic bent, and so frequently employed, that it demands mention. The story feels minor to begin with, but is so disjointed and inane, that it is best described as no story at all. The music is hard to describe, I'll be kind, it's not helpful. The only reason to see this film is for the absolutely gorgeous, almost hypnotic cinematography. That and perhaps a young and radiant Sarah Miles. That should have be
nd care about him. Orlando Bloom was perfect as the wimpy and arrogant Paris that you loved to hate. But the showstopper performance would have to go to Eric Bana in his flawless role as Hector. It's hard to describe, you just have to see it.<br /><br />The best scene of the entire movie is the showdown between Achilles and Hector because Peterson directed it in a such a way that the tension is palpable. Also the
nd care about him. Orlando Bloom was perfect as the wimpy and arrogant Paris that you loved to hate. But the showstopper performance would have to go to Eric Bana in his flawless role as Hector. It's hard to describe, you just have to see it.<br /><br />The best scene of the entire movie is the showdown between Achilles and Hector because Peterson directed it in a such a way that the tension is palpable. Also the
itchcock. Hitch himself was disappointed with the film and later noted that "it's just another manhunt story wrapped in pseudo-psychology".<br /><br />The story is so confused and confusing that it's hard to describe. Gregory Peck (1916-2003) plays a doctor suffering from amnesia who impersonates another doctor who turns out to be a man whom Peck thinks he killed, but in fact it's the old doctor (Leo G. Carroll) 
review/text: Audrey Hepburn is Holly Golightly. There is and was only one. It is hard to describe the attraction of this film, yet it still captivates me every time I view it. I think it has something to do with the time and place when it was made, a carefree time that exists no longer and a time
in of the machines while trying to save 2 (Martin Landeau, "Ed Wood"). The rest of the film is the 9 trying to evade and fight the machines and find a way to stop them.<br /><br />The problem is it's hard to describe the plot without making it sound stupid and simple, while it is simple it's far from stupid. The voice actors fit each character, 5 (John C. Reilly, "Chicago", "Step Brothers"), 1 (Christoper Plummer
an say is, it is worth watching, because depending on how you view movies, you may really enjoy this. Basically it is one of those movies that I think you just have to see for yourself, because it is hard to describe how it's great and bad at the same time without you having seen it.
e background, behind the swishing of the leaves and the twittering of this little bird comes a piano and French horn duet that absolutely fascinated me with it's solemn, haunting mellowness.  <p>It's hard to describe how powerfully the soundtrack melds into the visuals in this version of the classic children's book.  Usually, the soundtrack provides an underpinning for the visuals and tries not to get in the way 
 place. When the engine roars and cars explode into flames it isn't silly, it's movie magic of the best kind, like when Luke's X-Wing lands that shot into the Death Star in Star Wars.<br /><br />It's hard to describe without actually seeing it for yourself, but the cartoon universe of Speed Racer really is created wonderfully in this film. Everything from the sky to the furniture has an over-exposed super-vivid q
review/text: I bought this so that I could share it with my son.  I was a big Gretzky fan, and found it hard to describe how incredible he was.  My son was amazed to witness the moves I only talked about.  What a great trip down memory lane.<br /><br />My son later read a book about and wrote about Gretzky for a school
they are revealed in the entire ambience Hitch successfully creates: The dreamy settings entrance you and pull you into their spell; The film's key images haunt you long after the film is over. It is hard to describe the power Vertigo contains: It ought simply to be experienced; Let its themes and images and sounds wash over you.<p>When I am drawn back to the film, it is precisely because of that sense of yearnin
erfly pose; abs (of course); shoulder stand w/ BOF; arm movements for heart chakra; child's pose while lifting clasped hands with breath.  Then comes the fun 30 minute chakra dance workouts.  Kind of hard to describe, but you will love it.  I think there are 4 segments of this.  Some are lead and some are free form. the last dance segment is a lotus opening movement with turns.  Divine!  This segment ends with a 
review/text: I won't repeat what Kingdom Hospital is about as so many already have addressed it.  But, I can tell you how it affected me and my family who watched it.<br /><br />I find it hard to describe, in words, the overall tone, feeling, and discomfort I feel when I watch this.  Most of it takes place at night, or seems to.  A good part of my nursing career has been spent working nights, and I te
review/text: It's hard to describe the effect that first seeing this movie had on me the first time I saw it five years ago, but it's something that's sucks with me at the very least.<br /><br />This was the first bit of UY I ever saw
review/text: I really enjoyed this movie. I have not seen many Steve McQueen movies to date, but I hope to see more now. Frank Keller won an Oscar for editing for "Bullitt" and I can see why. It's hard to describe what makes great editing, but you know it when you see it. Sometimes a shot will go on a bit longer than you expect it to, and, after viewing the shot, you realize how effective it was. There are sev
your typical thriller with a twist.  Many things don't work, but plenty of them do.  You have a talented cast, a decent story, and a fair ending that isn't the greatest, but is not a total dud.  It's hard to describe the movie too much without spoiling it.  So I will simply say that a married man decides to have an affair, and that turns out to be the biggest mistake of his life in more ways than one.  This movie
characters associated with urban streets. Not real world versions of these people, however. Nightmare versions.<br /><br />I could try and get into the plot a bit more specifically, but it's honestly hard to describe. Here's a little: Joey is a mob errand boy who fails to dispose of a gun properly, and neighbor boy Oleg steals it, then proceeds to shoot his crazy father with it. He runs off and Joey has to catch 
re. You have to sort of watch the others and this back to back to see the difference. I just find his verbal scenes in this one a lot less satisfying, the Hannibal signature is starting to lack. It's hard to describe.<br /><br />2. The new main character, Edward Norton, is a great actor HOWEVER he does not fit this role nearly as well as his predecessors. He just doesn't have it. He's a fantastic actor in other m
review/text: Amores perros is a movie that depicts a specific (3) story of typical lives of society in Mexico city. I really like these movies that will conserve through time the culture that is hard to describe in other arts.<br />must watch for those who love to understand this culture.
e, particular tale rather than the entirety), but the very offbeat, subversive, and darkly funny spirit appears not to have transferred over very well from the original material, in my opinion.  It's hard to describe unless you've actually had a chance to read the original stories, which I'd recommend, but the main characters of O.C. and Stiggs just came off as, well, mean spirited, smarmy a-holes who were almost
come of the story 10 minutes into the film, and was fairly accurate.  That is not to boast of my prescience.  I am pretty sure many (if not most) of you could do the same or come pretty close.  It is hard to describe this film without giving too much away, so I will leave out most of the details and in a rare display of literary restraint, I will keep this review relatively short.<br /><br />The story of the film
your typical thriller with a twist.  Many things don't work, but plenty of them do.  You have a talented cast, a decent story, and a fair ending that isn't the greatest, but is not a total dud.  It's hard to describe the movie too much without spoiling it.  So I will simply say that a married man decides to have an affair, and that turns out to be the biggest mistake of his life in more ways than one.  This movie
ely, mmmmmmm...), the effects were worthy of an  Academy Award.  Great direction by Proyas (same guy who brought us The  Crow) and a terrific script (which, by the way won a Bram Stoker Award).  It's hard to describe this movie, a little bit of noir, a little bit of  Blade Runner, and a striking resemblance to the Borg of Star Trek: The Next  Generation.  But it's not a Star Trek movie by a longshot.  Eyecatching
an I say? The 1998 version is light years ahead not for the more advanced computer technology, but the script is simply fantastic. I have read it several times. The acting is so much better that it's hard to describe. Lindsay Lohan is wonderful, enchanting, adorable. Dennis Quaid and the rest of the cast outshine everybody combined in the original release. <p>It is touching, uplifting. Every time I watch this fil
est she has done in quite some time (a great comeback after the horrible "Stepford Wives" remake) and Sean Penn takes a more laid back approach to his character here and it works to his benefit. It's hard to describe this movie without giving anything away (it has a pretty standard political assassination plot), but if you are the mood for a political thriller which focuses on the character drama just as much as 
review/text: I think most people believe this movie is good amusing fun.  I actually do believe there is a little more to it.  Its the hard to describe something that seperates the ok movies from the good films. The not so subtle commentary on domestic and suburban life is wittier and more profound than i'd expected.  I came away thinking i'd gotten
e fairy leads her, turning into a green goblin creature, which speaks like Tinkerbell. She meets Fauno inside, who's hiding from the rest of the world, and is a mix of so many different animals, it's hard to describe. She then discovers she's actually a princess, and the princess's soul has been brought back through her. But she has to complete three challenges, in order to see if she belongs with the mortals or 
s Character.  Lots of flash backs based that give context and depth to his current problem make for a really interesting story.  The movie is certainly a drama with lots of romance interwoven.  It is hard to describe the story without revealing much.  Much of the movie is him pitching, while flashing back to memories of his life with a girlfriend.<br /><br />One thing that I loved, but also kind bother me was Vin
 it's kinda embarrassing. It's too bad because a lot of the other effects throughout the movie were cool-looking, I wish they didn't resort to CGI for some things.<br /><br />Now for the ending. It's hard to describe one's reaction to and opinion of a movie's end without giving it away, but conclusions can make or break a horror film. This one ended a little strange, it didn't promise a sequel that would never ar
ed to stay away from the slums, at all cost. Sr. Meirelles is to be commended for creating a world unto itself, so complex that the mind boggles; so brutal, I'm amazed that anyone remains alive. It's hard to describe the film, but its images are etched in my mind. Brilliant cinematography and editing draw you in and don't let go, even at over 2 hours. I have no problem with subtitles, but the narration and dialog
review/text: I find it a little hard to describe why I like I, Robot so much. I feel drawn to the movie again and again. In a certain fashion, this is typical of the work of Alex Proyas, the director of I, Robot. Alex Proyas is probably best known 
 passionate about him.  Speaking for myself, it is not because he started Pink Floyd, not because he was part of "swinging London," and not because I think doing acid is cool.  It really is something hard to describe but a bit of the Peter Pan thing.  Within Syd's best work is a very pure, sometimes innocent and other times mischievous, hearkening to childhood.  I'm not talking about the literal subject matter of
 Hong Kong cinema ('boxer' is the closest word to what the Chinese use to describe a martial arts practitioner). The 'boxer's world' concept doesn't have a Western equivilent concept, and is a little hard to describe. Its basically that if you devote your whole life to martial arts and the pursuit of perfection in it, you have no time for 'real world' type of living. Its almost as if you have two different worlds
review/text: This movie is hard to describe.  Very enjoyable, not boring, not an average love story...just great.  Enjoy it!
review/text: They just don't make movies like this anymore.  Maybe because of a lack of great actors like Paul Newman, or maybe because it might not appeal to the main-stream audience.  This movie is hard to describe because so little happens in it, and yet, things are constantly going on.  It seemed a little sluggish to me, but, it kept me entertained at the same time.  Maybe it was made like that to demonstrate
in Christmas town. He was looking at everything with wonder, the snow, the elves, presents, and even Santa Clause. Later he comes back to Halloween Town to tell everyone about what he saw. But it was hard to describe.  After many expirements with Christmas he decides he wants to kidnapp Santa clause and become Santa himself. He changes his image and brings Christmas to Halloween.<br /><br />This is a great film. 
review/text: This was such a piece of [film] it's hard to describe.  I bought it based on the cover, thought I was getting a 'kung fu' flick, you know lots of choreographed fights, etc.  It was just a [bad] bunch of meaningless stuff strung together and called a mov
maybe he's really terminally depressed and just playing himself onscreen. At any rate, this character is a charmer, and I absolutely love the way Owen plays him. This love triangle is about something hard to describe, but easy to feel if you are familiar. Owen loves the Queen with all his heart, but he knows from the get-go that anything ROMANTIC would only cheapen and weaken her as a person. So he is VERY honore
 that the text becomes easily dissected.  To me this is neither a plus or minus since Shakespeare's choice of wording is deliberately melodic and a joy to hear or read in any context.<br /><br />It's hard to describe the story without inferring subtext.  But the point is that this film is for those that enjoy modern translations of Shakespeare - this is full of great actors, beautiful cinematic scenes, and well t
s a total breath of fresh air. Those who like character driven story should definitely check this out. It has suspense, romance, crime, a bit of scariness, drama and sentiment. All in all it is a bit hard to describe, but a totally unique and well done gem.
rprising stars like Tom Cruise and Julianne Moore wouldn't hesitate to work in this movie.  All of the characters were so well realized, that there wasn't a single storyline that left me bored.  It's hard to describe Anderson's genius in words, but all it takes is one look at his work to see it.  Look at this, Boogie Nights and Punch Drunk Love in particular for a unique movie making style.  I wish he'd churn out
ely, mmmmmmm...), the effects were worthy of an  Academy Award.  Great direction by Proyas (same guy who brought us The  Crow) and a terrific script (which, by the way won a Bram Stoker Award).  It's hard to describe this movie, a little bit of noir, a little bit of  Blade Runner, and a striking resemblance to the Borg of Star Trek: The Next  Generation.  But it's not a Star Trek movie by a longshot.  Eyecatching
review/text: This film is so hard to describe to people.  It's such a beautiful work.  Every piece of film, every part of the soundtrack creates a uniform atmosphere which shifts from humor, awkwardness, sadness, and reflection.  There are so ma
review/text: Sheavy is one of those bands that is hard to describe to people who have never seen them.  If you like Black Sabbath's first 4 or 5 albums, you WILL like Sheavy.  While not a Sabbath clone entirely, they get everything right that Sabbath did in their ea
 emotion with the Bride, Bill, and B.B., any film lover will relish the opportunity to watch and rewatch this as a classic.  The final act at Bill's place feels so classic and surreal, it's just very hard to describe.  The wide variety of emotions, from anger and longing to love and regret, combined with fantastic Tarantino dialogue and some quick bursts of action, all come together to create an immortal moment i
review/text: Audrey Hepburn is Holly Golightly. There is and was only one. It is hard to describe the attraction of this film, yet it still captivates me every time I view it. I think it has something to do with the time and place when it was made, a carefree time that exists no longer and a time
review/text: It's really hard to describe this DVD simply because it mostly depends on how much of a WWE fan you are.  If you are a hardcore fan like me then this DVD is right up your alley with new songs not previously released.  If you are
 than that? The characters are also people you actually care about. Kurt Russell and Spader do an excellent job in the film. Overall, this film is another that to be seen to be believed. It really is hard to describe and has to be seen!
t movies you have ever seen. If you work in an office enviroment, or work in the IT sector this movie is the best. You'll particularly like the gangland beating of the office printer. <p>The story is hard to describe, but if I had to I would say that it's the story of a man on his quest to do nothing... absolutely nothing. <p>I recommend this movie if you are between 14 and 50. A little younger could watch it but
ough About You."  Great piano intro and guitar solo, peppy vocals, heavy-duty drum accents, energy level off the scales, and fantastic audience response.<br /><br />Diana Krall wields a power that is hard to describe.  Her voice, her command over the nuance of each song, and her persona are surpassed only by the incredible sexiness of her piano playing.  Her solos are great but listen also to the way she accompan
ll understand. For months I was afraid this film would never see the light of day. Disney finally released it last spring to little fanfare, although I managed to catch it, and I dug it a lot.<p>It's hard to describe the twisting, meandering plot -- Tim Allen is an ad exec whose son has to shoot a girl he has a crush on with a water pistol, not knowing that a couple of bumbling hitmen are targeting her stepfather
characters associated with urban streets. Not real world versions of these people, however. Nightmare versions.<br /><br />I could try and get into the plot a bit more specifically, but it's honestly hard to describe. Here's a little: Joey is a mob errand boy who fails to dispose of a gun properly, and neighbor boy Oleg steals it, then proceeds to shoot his crazy father with it. He runs off and Joey has to catch 
nto, folk, country, gospel...I said wide variety...I find I am becoming a more than weary of what could be called the "Broadway muscial motif".<br />They have a way of sounding so very similar. It is hard to describe. I'll try this: that the melodies and tempi seem only barely able to emerge from recitative.<br /><br />Here is a sample of a tune from this show:  C-D; C-D; C-A...and then we "vary" that monotony by
 Hong Kong cinema ('boxer' is the closest word to what the Chinese use to describe a martial arts practitioner). The 'boxer's world' concept doesn't have a Western equivilent concept, and is a little hard to describe. Its basically that if you devote your whole life to martial arts and the pursuit of perfection in it, you have no time for 'real world' type of living. Its almost as if you have two different worlds
review/text: This movie is hard to describe.  Very enjoyable, not boring, not an average love story...just great.  Enjoy it!
 /><br />This is Nimoy's motion picture directorial debut, and he performs solidly enough, though there are a few moments here and there where it simply feels like there's something ... missing. It's hard to describe.<br /><br />That's not to say it isn't worth a watch. If you plan on seeing Star Treks II and IV, this is a must see. But there are also some scenes that are just superbly done. The scene breaking Mc
 /><br />This is Nimoy's motion picture directorial debut, and he performs solidly enough, though there are a few moments here and there where it simply feels like there's something ... missing. It's hard to describe.<br /><br />That's not to say it isn't worth a watch. If you plan on seeing Star Treks II and IV, this is a must see. But there are also some scenes that are just superbly done. The scene breaking Mc
review/text: It's hard to describe the gamut of situations and emotions this "comedy" provides. Yes, it is a dog picture. But it's also a thoughts-about-life picture, and there are a number of lives crossing paths here. Winn-Dixie is 
review/text: There was a time when video games were so graphically simple it's hard to describe why they appealed to us.  But they did; we'd never had anything like them.  I know I spent hours putting quarters into astroids and centipede.  The basis of this movie starts here, with Alex, a kid f
own, it's a bit too long , and probably would've restored some poignancy. The other thing that I found surprisingly lacking, was it never really felt like Pitt's character was engaging...It's kind of hard to describe, but you never got to see any clever or interesting or unique dialogue that would lead his wife and Swinton's characters to gravitate to him...maybe the idea was they just picked up on his 'specialne
 and goes to see him, pretending like she's utterly happy with her new guy and her new life. But that passion between them is still there.<br /><br />There's lots of little bits to this movie so it's hard to describe in such a short space. Does everything work out? Well, sort of. I suppose it does, but I guess it really depends on how you look at. The ending is so sappy that I could've sworn someone just dumped h
so take a look at this. The opening starts out with a pretty good and mysterious song, along with beautifully animated sequences. What I like best is how they end each episode, thought it's extremely hard to describe because you have to see it for yourself to believe me. Near the end, the ending song starts blending in, and then you get these sudden shifts of views which basically makes me want to watch the next 
d a talking brain. (You heard me right.) The evil madman tries to tap into these children's dreams so that he may try and gain a soul.<p>Ok, if you're still reading this, clearly your intrigued. It's hard to describe the look and feel of this movie. It's got a little of everything, sci-fi, fantasy, drama, and comedy. It's dark and light at the same time. Sci-fi action enthusiasts should know that this really does
e as Maxxx Robinson, the adult film director who threatens to ruin Young's life.  Matt Stone steals every scene he is in, but his role should be seen and not discussed (especially since it is sort of hard to describe).  Let us not forget Sancho; what can you say about Sancho except that, well, he is Sancho.  There are also, I should mention, some actual adult film stars in this film - including Ron Jeremy, who is
an I say? The 1998 version is light years ahead not for the more advanced computer technology, but the script is simply fantastic. I have read it several times. The acting is so much better that it's hard to describe. Lindsay Lohan is wonderful, enchanting, adorable. Dennis Quaid and the rest of the cast outshine everybody combined in the original release. <p>It is touching, uplifting. Every time I watch this fil
n head hand puppet and there is a kill scene that looks eerily realistic.  A young man is stabbed in the stomach with a large bone-cutting knife and instead of a quick cut to another scene..well it's hard to describe but it's the look of resignation on the young mans face about what is happening to him that makes this scene a little unusual.<br /><br />Intruder is not intended for anyone expecting art but in it's
review/text: I think most people believe this movie is good amusing fun.  I actually do believe there is a little more to it.  Its the hard to describe something that seperates the ok movies from the good films. The not so subtle commentary on domestic and suburban life is wittier and more profound than i'd expected.  I came away thinking i'd gotten
review/text: This film is so hard to describe to people.  It's such a beautiful work.  Every piece of film, every part of the soundtrack creates a uniform atmosphere which shifts from humor, awkwardness, sadness, and reflection.  There are so ma
is brilliant in his triple role as the U.S. President, Dr. Strangelove, and Mandrake. George C. Scott also tops the cake in his over-the-top caricature of the Pattonesque General Buck Turgidson. It's hard to describe all of the nuances of this film on such a short review: you have to see it for yourself. Although the film will certainly have more of an impact on those who are old enough to remember the Cold War a
r. This is not toilet humor. This is dark political humor that's incredibly ironic and satirical. There are so many classic scenes ("Be careful, Mr. President. I think he's drunk."), that it's simply hard to describe all of them in just one review. Straight to the point, this is one of Stanley Kubrick's greatest films, and one of the greatest comedies of all time. It has a great ensemble of actors (Sellers, Scott
big explosions or lasers.  This is a character driven story with the only face you really see is Sam Rockwell.  A few faces appear on monitors, and you get the voice of Kevin Spacey(very HAL).  It is hard to describe the movie without giving anything away.  Earth has exhausted its resources, but on the moon they can mine Helium-3 which is a great energy source.  Sam is alone on the moon for the last 3 years overs
in the audience didn't get it.  But I've been an outspoken SpongeBob fan for years.  Hell, I'll bet I like the television show even more than my children do -- and they like it a lot.<br /><br />It's hard to describe this film, at least in a way that will do it justice.  Is it great?  In it's own twisted, surreal way, sure.  It's littered with double entendres, to be sure, and a few nautical butt cheeks, too.  I 
>Based on the Cormac McCarthy novel, the Coens do a good job of adapting his material to film. (Much better than Billy Bob did in the past, at least.) It's certainly an odd film to watch (and equally hard to describe), but a powerful one nonetheless. The use of silence in the movie is a testament to how well the Coens understand their craft; rarely do you see any film using silence to this degree pull it off so d
>Based on the Cormac McCarthy novel, the Coens do a good job of adapting his material to film. (Much better than Billy Bob did in the past, at least.) It's certainly an odd film to watch (and equally hard to describe), but a powerful one nonetheless. The use of silence in the movie is a testament to how well the Coens understand their craft; rarely do you see any film using silence to this degree pull it off so d
ham), partners (but not the kind that "hold hands and take windy walks," as Turkish puts it) in running an illegal bare-knuckle boxing ring.<p>What follows is so fast-paced and intertwined that it is hard to describe it. [....] I loved this movie so much that I find it hard to keep it to a minimum when discussing it.  I haven't yet found a review that truly did it justice, and I'm sure I'm not doing much better. 
review/text: When I first saw Adaptation I thought it was pretty decent. Now I think it's one of the coolest movies ever. It's hard to describe what it's about, except to say that it is the story of a screenwriter trying to adapt a book about an orchid hunter, and eventually writing a script about not being able to write the screenplay about
family crosses the Canadian border into the US, pretending to be "on holidays" but really coming to work-- the movie is instead a blend of cheerful family comedy and buried grief.  It's a combination hard to describe but I can say this is EXACTLY the film to watch if you're struggling with tough times because it will make you smile and ALSO give you some perspective, without beating you up about it... (what many 
review/text: I had the extreme pleasure of seeing this film at A&amp;O Films B-fest 2001.  Wow!  It's so hard to describe, but if you're into strange things this is a definite must see.  It is guaranteed to mess with your head and keep you begging for more.  When I tell people about this movie they just don't believe me
review/text: It is hard to describe this movie other than to say it is full of very nice but predictable fight scenes. I'd say one of the only reasons to really watch it is for the amazing special effects seen in sub-zero's brother's i
s enjoyed futuristic Sci-Fi - Do not really remember if it appeared in comic form.<br /><br />Have yet to look at disc 2 -- have thoroughly enjoyed the actors concept of their characters - it is very hard to describe the feelings invocked upon seeing that ugly old Alien Queen - the nasty Company that wanted the Alien alive - no matter who has to die in the meantime.<br /><br />Oh Yeah! those guys were in for the 
 It finally hit me one night at blockbuster what I had been neglecting throughout my teenage years, rented Alien and brought it back to my dorm to the delight of my college buddies.<br /><br />  It's hard to describe the terror and tension Ridley Scott creates in this film.  The facehugger and chestburster scenes are truly the stuff nightmares are made of, the kinds of things that make you wake up yelling and swe
review/text: It is hard to describe anything about this movie without ruining it. I can only say that the "private eye" in this flick should have seen everything coming well before.....well, before it occurred.<br />Good acting, good p
 If you like seing graphic depictions of arms and legs being broken, then check this out. For all the tai chi style of martial arts I would've expected a hong kong star in the lead role instead.  Its hard to describe the way this production is other than to say it's the type that you'd see direct to video or premium channel. The production is great for what their budget was no doubt.  I still felt like I was shor
they are revealed in the entire ambience Hitch successfully creates: The dreamy settings entrance you and pull you into their spell; The film's key images haunt you long after the film is over. It is hard to describe the power Vertigo contains: It ought simply to be experienced; Let its themes and images and sounds wash over you.<p>When I am drawn back to the film, it is precisely because of that sense of yearnin
lso have emotional gravity (and increase the sense of danger) through their severity (Hikaru in particular gets slashed, torn-up, and is bleeding by the end of some of them).<br /><br /> The music is hard to describe. Is is quite good, but strangely seems to alternate between synthesizer music which is re-used to the point where it might be over-used, and fantastic orchestral sweeping fanfare that is incredibly i
s excited. Even moreso once I heard it was going to be offered on Blu Ray. People are complaining about the picture, I am not sure what that is all about. The visuals are so stunning in blu it's very hard to describe. The audio is so pitch perfect that even with my outdated surround system, it felt like Bono and Co were in my living room.<br /><br />The dvd gives you the complete U2 experience and leaves nothing 
review/text: THis movie is nuts. There is so much going on here it's hard to describe. A great story coupled witha fantastic cast makes this one of my favorite movies. It's basically a 70's slapstick movie, and if you like those you will love this. Movies such as &quot;the great Race,
 haunting with great light and shadow filming very atmospheric vampire film this Black and white film is better than most color vampire films it gives the film a very eerie feeling of quality that is hard to describe if you never seen this you are in for a treat see what a master film maker can do with a great horror movie this has to be one of the best horror films I have seen there are some nice classic horror 
lso turns in a strong performance as actress turned new age healer Leanne Rease-Jones, a character who comes to play a crucial and prophetic part in the story.<br /><br />The Innkeepers is devilishly hard to describe.  In a way, much of the story is predictable, yet at the same time it's also rather shocking in the end.  The writing is subtly brilliant.  The significance of some lines early in the movie only hit 
 her other siblings, Peter, Susan and Edmund and actually get caught up in a war: Narnians versus those loyal to the evil White Witch. And helping them out is the almighty lion Aslan.<br /><br />It's hard to describe Narnia(or Lord of the Rings or Harry Potter for that matter) without saying stuff like almighty, magical and whatnot but the nice thing about the film is that it doesn't over explain too much. One pr
review/text: I'm an avid fan of fantasy, and while it's been a number of years, I remember having the book read to me in elementary school.  The film brings to life a certain enchantment that's hard to describe in words.  The music and the assortment of Narnia's characters are the definite working charms here.  That being said, I have one major complaint: this would have been much better had it been produce
 her other siblings, Peter, Susan and Edmund and actually get caught up in a war: Narnians versus those loyal to the evil White Witch. And helping them out is the almighty lion Aslan.<br /><br />It's hard to describe Narnia(or Lord of the Rings or Harry Potter for that matter) without saying stuff like almighty, magical and whatnot but the nice thing about the film is that it doesn't over explain too much. One pr
review/text: I'm an avid fan of fantasy, and while it's been a number of years, I remember having the book read to me in elementary school.  The film brings to life a certain enchantment that's hard to describe in words.  The music and the assortment of Narnia's characters are the definite working charms here.  That being said, I have one major complaint: this would have been much better had it been produce
own, it's a bit too long , and probably would've restored some poignancy. The other thing that I found surprisingly lacking, was it never really felt like Pitt's character was engaging...It's kind of hard to describe, but you never got to see any clever or interesting or unique dialogue that would lead his wife and Swinton's characters to gravitate to him...maybe the idea was they just picked up on his 'specialne
review/text: It's hard to describe this film. It's kind of like Dawn of the Dead meets Leave It To Beaver. A little campy but twas meant to be. Just the opening educational newsreel shown in the school classroom is worth the price of 
n 1080p High Definition, we get a 7.1 DTS-HD Master Audio lossless soundtrack which sounds incredible!  Just the fact that the film looks and sounds better is significant.  The colors just pop!  It's hard to describe of how awesome this film looks on Blu-ray compared to previous video releases.  In the past, there was always this dreamy, hazy look to the film.  Though it was colorful, I have always thought that w
t thought out too well and the assistant was looking to Ms. O'Shea for the answer she wanted to hear versus what she was actually feeling.  I do realize these techniques and the feelings obtained are hard to describe but at least have an assistant on your DVD that can at least look like they know what they are doing so people watching the DVD has confidence that they are getting something out of it.  The actual s
A Game'. Sleuth sounds like some standard detectives fair and this is not standard. The movie is a game and it is about games and Anthony Shaffer is playing a game with the audiance.<br /><br />It is hard to describe the film without giving away a twist or turn but the begining is fairly safe. Milo Tindel (Michael Caine) is invited to the country manner of Alaxander Wake (Laurance Olivier). Wake is a rather bizar
since it came out too close to the Columbine shootings. (Honestly which was ridiculous.)<p>Moving on, my review of the movie of course is as biased as the rest. I loved it from beginning to end. It's hard to describe (in a worthwhile way) unless you see it yourself. The plot was told to me by a cousin and I really didn't want to watch it, but not even half the way through the movie I was in love with it, and boug
ed to stay away from the slums, at all cost. Sr. Meirelles is to be commended for creating a world unto itself, so complex that the mind boggles; so brutal, I'm amazed that anyone remains alive. It's hard to describe the film, but its images are etched in my mind. Brilliant cinematography and editing draw you in and don't let go, even at over 2 hours. I have no problem with subtitles, but the narration and dialog
review/text: It's hard to describe this show to anyone. It is about an elite group of specialists who perform the physical jobs of espionage: extracting defectors, assassinations, action in foreign countries and the like. For all that
d the scenery is absolutely amazing. I own the soundtrack to this movie and it is a pure joy to listen to. Especially when I am walking early in the morning. The music is so beautiful. It's litreally hard to describe. It's like listening to sounds from Heaven if Heaven exists.<br /><br />As far as the story goes - We see things from the point of view of various characters. The two main ones being Confederate Gene
d the scenery is absolutely amazing. I own the soundtrack to this movie and it is a pure joy to listen to. Especially when I am walking early in the morning. The music is so beautiful. It's litreally hard to describe. It's like listening to sounds from Heaven if Heaven exists.<br /><br />As far as the story goes - We see things from the point of view of various characters. The two main ones being Confederate Gene
review/text: Today, it is probably hard to describe how brilliant "Phantasm" seemed in its year of release:  quite simply, there was nothing else like it in the American cinema.  "Phantasm" is literally a dream put on film; the fact that Don Coscarell
picting the lives of the characters brought this viewer right into the era. The cinematography was outstanding taking what looked old (and should have) using creative styles of the present. I find it hard to describe, so you be the judge.<br /><br />If you are looking for a action movie, you will not find it here. This film ropes you into the mind and lives of the famed Jesse James and Robert Ford. An inside look
you require duels, shootouts, guns a blazin' and horses kicking up the dust..skip this movie. Don't get me wrong, I like all that as much as the next guy, but you won't find it here.<br /><br />It is hard to describe this film, part western, a little documentary, melancholy (a little Larry McMurtry), stirring, slow at times but emotionally moving, carefully crafted tension, and again, great music that carries the
 the most ingenious, original, refreshing horror films ever. Psychologically disturbing, supernaturally haunting, and bloody and violent and grotesque in the most brilliant way.<br /><br />It is very hard to describe this film without giving away any of the plot, and some on here have done that (or have tried), and to do so would ruin the film for those who haven't seen it. For the whole point of the film is the 
one of the most ingenious, original, refreshing horror films ever. Psychologically disturbing, supernaturally haunting, and bloody and violent and grotesque in the most brilliant way.<br />It is very hard to describe this film without giving away any of the plot, and some on here have done that (or have tried), and to do so would ruin the film for those who haven't seen it. For the whole point of the film is the 
e Juliet Stevenson gives us some very individual characters that only add to the enjoyable goings-on.<br />Fine direction from veteran Istvan Szabo helps to maintain a steady period sensibility. It's hard to describe to cleverness without giving away essential plot points, but I enjoyed it very much, and am still in awe of Ms. Bening's achievement.<br />She keeps losing Oscars to Hilary Swank, but given more grea
s Character.  Lots of flash backs based that give context and depth to his current problem make for a really interesting story.  The movie is certainly a drama with lots of romance interwoven.  It is hard to describe the story without revealing much.  Much of the movie is him pitching, while flashing back to memories of his life with a girlfriend.<br /><br />One thing that I loved, but also kind bother me was Vin
ough About You."  Great piano intro and guitar solo, peppy vocals, heavy-duty drum accents, energy level off the scales, and fantastic audience response.<br /><br />Diana Krall wields a power that is hard to describe.  Her voice, her command over the nuance of each song, and her persona are surpassed only by the incredible sexiness of her piano playing.  Her solos are great but listen also to the way she accompan
t movies you have ever seen. If you work in an office enviroment, or work in the IT sector this movie is the best. You'll particularly like the gangland beating of the office printer. <p>The story is hard to describe, but if I had to I would say that it's the story of a man on his quest to do nothing... absolutely nothing. <p>I recommend this movie if you are between 14 and 50. A little younger could watch it but
review/text: Part drama, part horror, part satire, and part fable.... NO SUCH THING is a movie that is hard to describe but that is engaging to watch. The Monster (played by Robert John Burke) is a tragically moving and thought provoking character and is well balanced by the naively innocent Beatrice (Sarah Polley). T
 and goes to see him, pretending like she's utterly happy with her new guy and her new life. But that passion between them is still there.<br /><br />There's lots of little bits to this movie so it's hard to describe in such a short space. Does everything work out? Well, sort of. I suppose it does, but I guess it really depends on how you look at. The ending is so sappy that I could've sworn someone just dumped h
review/text: That's the only way to describe this hard to describe film.  Pitt is good, but not great.  Forlani is a welcome site.  Anthony Hopkins deserves the kudos.<p>I saw this film not knowing what to expect.  I wasn't  disappointed.  Pitt's sudden demise early
maybe he's really terminally depressed and just playing himself onscreen. At any rate, this character is a charmer, and I absolutely love the way Owen plays him. This love triangle is about something hard to describe, but easy to feel if you are familiar. Owen loves the Queen with all his heart, but he knows from the get-go that anything ROMANTIC would only cheapen and weaken her as a person. So he is VERY honore
review/text: This film frightened me as a kid, when I first saw it on television, and the images stayed with me for a lifetime. There is a metaphor for pure evil in this film, although I find it hard to describe.<br /><br />The "bad alien" did not have to blast his ray gun at the woman in the swimming pool as she tried to get help. Skeletons don't swim, or float. They quietly sink to the bottom. Brrrrrrrrr!!
mistreat the animal, and then Gappa's far from long-extinct parents show up to stomp around Japan for awhile in search of their little Gappa bundle of joy.  These monsters are rather unimpressive and hard to describe.  They can't decide if they want to fly, swim, or walk, and they have bird-like beaks and long, whip-enabled tails; I swear one of them has a fake beard, and the other one seems to adorn itself with 
were jerks, as seen when Par&eacute;'s character shoots an entire homeless family to death just because they couldn't understand English. In Bulgaria. What I said: over-the-top.<br /><br />It's kinda hard to describe the general temperament of the film. On one hand, the director and production team were obviously trying to make "Direct Contact" the most explosive flick Dolph had gunned to in a while, but Lundgren
me fun interplay between the band members - just check out Tony Kaye playing an accordian!) and "Rhythm of Love" (one of my favorite songs from this particular line-up, although the FX-heavy video is hard to describe). The collection ends with a live version of "All Good People", which is again taken from the "9012 Live" concert. (I found it strange that it is Steve Howe who introduces this clip, eventhough he is
review/text: DUDE! this movie was AWESOME! it was wicked funny but hard to describe. it was full of surprise and it was cool. u have to pay attention and follow along. U HAVE TO SEE THIS MOVIE!!! only one more thing to say.........................................SHIBBYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!
nte and Tom  Tykwer, it is absolutely riveting.<p>For all these reasons and more, see  this movie.  I love this movie so much, and I've probably seen it well over  10 times, but at the same time it's hard to describe WHY I love it.  I've  tried to do that here, but I really can't.  You are just going to have to  see it to believe it.
review/text: It is hard to describe anything about this movie without ruining it. I can only say that the "private eye" in this flick should have seen everything coming well before.....well, before it occurred.<br />Good acting, good p
review/text: It's sort of hard to describe this movie.  Put it this way.  I didn't know what in the world I was looking at when I caught Clerks mid-way through in the fall of 1996.  I was in Navy specialty school in Meridian, MS when somebody
 Hajiki ends up leaving his town, and even his country (I guess you could call it a country). This is my favorite part of the series as it becomes more of a reflection/soul searching story (its kinda hard to describe). This part of the story is where a lot of character development and questions about the gads and techodes are answered. I wish there could have been more of this spaced throughout the series.<br /><
review/text: That's the only way to describe this hard to describe film.  Pitt is good, but not great.  Forlani is a welcome site.  Anthony Hopkins deserves the kudos.<p>I saw this film not knowing what to expect.  I wasn't  disappointed.  Pitt's sudden demise early
review/text: That's the only way to describe this hard to describe film.  Pitt is good, but not great.  Forlani is a welcome site.  Anthony Hopkins deserves the kudos.<p>I saw this film not knowing what to expect.  I wasn't  disappointed.  Pitt's sudden demise early
ewer is accustomed to it, it ends up adding to the surreal and mysterious atmosphere.  I really don't think the movie would have had as strong an effect if it had been in colour.<p>In any case, it is hard to describe how perfect this movie was, how well the plot fit together, that amazing feeling I got while watching it as everything began to fit into place... Just go see it!
review/text: this movie was so messed up from beginning to end. i didn't know what to expect after the opening scene. it's hard to describe the type of dysfunction this movie portrays, but if you have ever seen a crackhead in action arguing with another crackhead, then you might know what to expect. my friend told me about this one and i
t something about three crazy guys running over to the wash basins to 'sterilize' their hands, and then going around in a circle, drying their hands on the coat of the person in front of them...yeah, hard to describe.<br />  So it's not the best I've seen them do, but it's great.  I have an idea: I think MGM should release a dvd with all of their funny scenes on it.  That way we could just watch it and laugh, wit
review/text: Hawaii Five O Seasons 1-5 are simply superb. There aren't too many people in my generation who were not glued to the family TV at 7:30pm on Tuesdays of regular season TV. It's hard to describe what this show did in Hawaii; however at 7:30pm each Tuesday the city of Honolulu stopped and people were glued to their sets at home, shopping, or in a retail store with a TV. The show was shot on l
 Not only is the story highly original, the entire production from the music and animation to the packaging and even the English dubbing is outstanding.<br /><br />This is one of those series that is hard to describe to someone else. I've tried, and I usually get a weird look: "A wandering medicine man cures people of ails that are caused by supernatural "bug-like" organisms called "mushi"... that means "bug" in 
 of 3d and original creativity.<br />The quality of the DVD is great with cristal clear images and surround sound.<br />Although it is a simbolic journey, you do get a sense of meaning<br />that it`s hard to describe.<br />Can`t compare with repetitive, meaningless animation compilation videos you`ve already seen over and over.<p>If you want to know what the future of CG as an art form looks like, THIS IS IT.<p
how the climbing scenes could make up for that--but boy they did! As you watch the two climbers battle the brutal conditions you'll be shocked by the primitive equipment they were using in 1936. It's hard to describe just how great and suspensful this movie is--it leaves you speechless at the ending. As one of the workers on the Eiger says to some tourists waiting for the climbers to start their ascent, "Eiger is
ed to stay away from the slums, at all cost. Sr. Meirelles is to be commended for creating a world unto itself, so complex that the mind boggles; so brutal, I'm amazed that anyone remains alive. It's hard to describe the film, but its images are etched in my mind. Brilliant cinematography and editing draw you in and don't let go, even at over 2 hours. I have no problem with subtitles, but the narration and dialog
ations by a stellar cast. Ms. Cruz, of course, is luminous, and her talents belie  atrocious handling in Hollywood. Those beautiful eyes say so much, and her control centers the crazy goings on. It's hard to describe the plot, even a bit, without blabbing away vital plot-points, but it's certainly a showcase for women, which is where Sr. Almodovar excels. All of the women fit their roles perfectly, and the great 
ms; one better than the one before, in a way different in some ways all carrying a deep sense of humanity! We watch drama unfolding to arrive when less expected at the end; always full of hope. It is hard to describe fully what I felt watching VOLVER. To recommend this movie is to say at least; it is so simple yet so complex. The action takes place in the country site of Spain. Penelope Cruz, wife and mother. Ver
ations by a stellar cast. Ms. Cruz, of course, is luminous, and her talents belie  atrocious handling in Hollywood. Those beautiful eyes say so much, and her control centers the crazy goings on. It's hard to describe the plot, even a bit, without blabbing away vital plot-points, but it's certainly a showcase for women, which is where Sr. Almodovar excels. All of the women fit their roles perfectly, and the great 
ms; one better than the one before, in a way different in some ways all carrying a deep sense of humanity! We watch drama unfolding to arrive when less expected at the end; always full of hope. It is hard to describe fully what I felt watching VOLVER. To recommend this movie is to say at least; it is so simple yet so complex. The action takes place in the country site of Spain. Penelope Cruz, wife and mother. Ver
ly good action movie topic like Alexander the Great, but it was incredibley boring.<br /><br />First of all, the dialogue is awful. And when I say awful, I mean AWFUL. Why is it awful, that's kind of hard to describe. People just randomly arguing with eachother every second for no reason in particular except to add to the drama. As well as this, everything sounds incredibly awkward. no matter what the context. It
ly good action movie topic like Alexander the Great, but it was incredibley boring.<br /><br />First of all, the dialogue is awful. And when I say awful, I mean AWFUL. Why is it awful, that's kind of hard to describe. People just randomly arguing with eachother every second for no reason in particular except to add to the drama. As well as this, everything sounds incredibly awkward. no matter what the context. It
review/text: It's hard to describe this movie - campy, yes, strange, definitely unsettling.  But it's the John Massari score that stands out for me.  I'm pleased to see that the soundtrack for Killer Klowns is now available.  It's wor
review/text: Imagine a Kurosawa film with hip-hop attitude (thanks in part to the absolutely fantastic soundtrack by RZA).  I found it hard to describe for friends in terms of genres; it moves far too slow for an action movie, too much violence and death for a character study; further confused by infrequent touches of comic genius;  it comes off on 
ir game.  The score will take you away to a different time.  The story will make you reminiscent and nostalgic of your own youth and your friendships.  This is a movie everyone should see.  Words are hard to describe its sweet pain of loss and life...MTS
review/text: It is hard to describe this piece of work.  Bizarre comes to mind but that's not really correct.  I reached a point where I wanted to stop watching but I had to finish it.  It is an experience in itself.  What Winter does 
review/text: It's extremely hard to describe this movie in words...this movie is just too good.  Finnaly there is a horror movie for those of us who appreciate "real" horror movies.  I was getting really tired of all the so called horror movies
ham), partners (but not the kind that "hold hands and take windy walks," as Turkish puts it) in running an illegal bare-knuckle boxing ring.<p>What follows is so fast-paced and intertwined that it is hard to describe it. [....] I loved this movie so much that I find it hard to keep it to a minimum when discussing it.  I haven't yet found a review that truly did it justice, and I'm sure I'm not doing much better. 
the characters who eventually with the help from their friends, overcome said problem. It's never very rational or realistic, but silly and with a ton of inside jokes to boot.<br /><br />It's kind of hard to describe the show if you haven't seen it. The hi jinx and goofy humor, along with the 90's cheese is awesome, and still holds up if you ask me. The special effects in the show to make things seem wacky are fu
review/text: Imagine a Kurosawa film with hip-hop attitude (thanks in part to the absolutely fantastic soundtrack by RZA).  I found it hard to describe for friends in terms of genres; it moves far too slow for an action movie, too much violence and death for a character study; further confused by infrequent touches of comic genius;  it comes off on 
review/text: For me, paprika film was a reccomendation from a close friend, a not so hard core fan of anime, but still a good films lover. Not many words about it. It's hard to describe what's all about with Paprika without being a plot spoiler, but if yoou liked Inception you will definitely like Paprika. It's all about dreaming, and trying to find out what a dream means... and som
review/text: I was able to watch the beginning of this film but I couldn't finish the rest and I finally got to see it.  I can only say that this film is a crazy wild ride.  Very hard to describe but you'll be amazed if you like sci-fi films.  I agree that Hollywood would never make such a daring film, not because of the money, but because of the creativity needed to create something like thi
in Christmas town. He was looking at everything with wonder, the snow, the elves, presents, and even Santa Clause. Later he comes back to Halloween Town to tell everyone about what he saw. But it was hard to describe.  After many expirements with Christmas he decides he wants to kidnapp Santa clause and become Santa himself. He changes his image and brings Christmas to Halloween.<br /><br />This is a great film. 
review/text: This anime wasn't very good. Its quite hard to describe it seeing as the the story is very sporadic and just not very interesting. The main villain has no personality and seems to just want to kill people. One episode might be incredibly stupid(an androgy
o ELP.<br />The 'making of' video is a nice addition - explaining how this all come about.  I don't know if ELP will do anything like this concert again, but I thank them for doing this DVD.  It's so hard to describe their music and performance to those who have never experienced it.  It was great to see all varied ages in the audience - and all seemed to be very serious fans.<br />Technically, the video was well
review/text: movies like this are really hard to describe.<br />people get 'rubbed out&quot; and you love it. two of<br />my favorite actors-gabriel byrne and jeff goldblum-<br />do a geat job but the kudos have to go to the<br />writer and director of the 
review/text: American History X is very hard to describe into words, for me at least. A white man goes to prison after killing a black man that was trying to steal his fathers car. One catch: the man is part of the local skinhead movement. He's the youth l
review/text: This movie is visually stunning but it is not intended for those who need constant action.  After a confusing start this movie bloomed into something incredible.  Really hard to describe in words it had such strong spiritual overtones than anyone who has faith will feel more enlightened.<br /><br />This journey begins in 1500 A.D. as the main character is a Spaniard in Ancient Mexico
/>The cinematography is some of the most interesting ever.  Studying it could be the sole focus of an entire graduate film program, and they still not might be able to cover it in its entirety.  It's hard to describe the power of scenes like after Hoffman reveals to his girlfriend that her mother was the woman he was with.  As he walks away defeated, the camera pans out and the look in Mrs. Robinson's eyes says s
e as Maxxx Robinson, the adult film director who threatens to ruin Young's life.  Matt Stone steals every scene he is in, but his role should be seen and not discussed (especially since it is sort of hard to describe).  Let us not forget Sancho; what can you say about Sancho except that, well, he is Sancho.  There are also, I should mention, some actual adult film stars in this film - including Ron Jeremy, who is
review/text: First of all, don't catch this on tv.  Rent it or buy it so you can see the R rated version so the entire effect can be had from this extremely hard to describe movie.  Comedy, Horror, Urban Fairy Tale with a Moral?  You'll have to watch and figure out for yourself.  Personally I think there's all of the above in this movie but the Horror parts stick out the
ruders in a house that seems to never end.  Part haunted house yarn, part mad dog chase, and lets not forget "Flowers in the Attic" on acid, blend with a near zombie-like teenage movie.  The movie is hard to describe, but there isn't one nearly like it.  It is Wes Craven's most original work, and to cast a drag queen as the leading lady is so John Waters!  Also stars a young Ving Rhames, who now has gone full cir
in Christmas town. He was looking at everything with wonder, the snow, the elves, presents, and even Santa Clause. Later he comes back to Halloween Town to tell everyone about what he saw. But it was hard to describe.  After many expirements with Christmas he decides he wants to kidnapp Santa clause and become Santa himself. He changes his image and brings Christmas to Halloween.<br /><br />This is a great film. 
 /><br />This is Nimoy's motion picture directorial debut, and he performs solidly enough, though there are a few moments here and there where it simply feels like there's something ... missing. It's hard to describe.<br /><br />That's not to say it isn't worth a watch. If you plan on seeing Star Treks II and IV, this is a must see. But there are also some scenes that are just superbly done. The scene breaking Mc
o everyone, which to me is part of it's appeal.  The Dude, Walter, etc. are all unique and interesting characters in their own funny ways.  Every line seems funnier the more you watch the film.  It's hard to describe, but I recommend everyone see it and you'll either love it or not get it.  But I'm betting most will love it.
o everyone, which to me is part of it's appeal.  The Dude, Walter, etc. are all unique and interesting characters in their own funny ways.  Every line seems funnier the more you watch the film.  It's hard to describe, but I recommend everyone see it and you'll either love it or not get it.  But I'm betting most will love it.
them - the reason is much more banal and it sets up a shoot-it-out, chase-em-down final scene. References to Point Break, every western you have ever watched, and even Matrix movies.<br /><br />It is hard to describe this movie except to say this is as unique as Guy Ritchies Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels is - but in different ways. This is a laugh from start to finish. I will never be able to drinnk decaffi
them - the reason is much more banal and it sets up a shoot-it-out, chase-em-down final scene. References to Point Break, every western you have ever watched, and even Matrix movies.<br /><br />It is hard to describe this movie except to say this is as unique as Guy Ritchies Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels is - but in different ways. This is a laugh from start to finish. I will never be able to drinnk decaffi
them - the reason is much more banal and it sets up a shoot-it-out, chase-em-down final scene. References to Point Break, every western you have ever watched, and even Matrix movies.<br /><br />It is hard to describe this movie except to say this is as unique as Guy Ritchies Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels is - but in different ways. This is a laugh from start to finish. I will never be able to drinnk decaffi
ers in the foreground with an open field of heartland America in the background. I finally got to see HOOSIERS on video and I am sure glad that I did. This is one of my all-time favorite movies. It's hard to describe but this movie is what America is all about. Great performances, photography and a brilliantly emotionally charged score composed by Jerry Goldsmith contribute to the success of this film. One critic
ers in the foreground with an open field of heartland America in the background. I finally got to see HOOSIERS on video and I am sure glad that I did. This is one of my all-time favorite movies. It's hard to describe but this movie is what America is all about. Great performances, photography and a brilliantly emotionally charged score composed by Jerry Goldsmith contribute to the success of this film. One critic
ers in the foreground with an open field of heartland America in the background. I finally got to see HOOSIERS on video and I am sure glad that I did. This is one of my all-time favorite movies. It's hard to describe but this movie is what America is all about. Great performances, photography and a brilliantly emotionally charged score composed by Jerry Goldsmith contribute to the success of this film. One critic
them - the reason is much more banal and it sets up a shoot-it-out, chase-em-down final scene. References to Point Break, every western you have ever watched, and even Matrix movies.<br /><br />It is hard to describe this movie except to say this is as unique as Guy Ritchies Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels is - but in different ways. This is a laugh from start to finish. I will never be able to drinnk decaffi
them - the reason is much more banal and it sets up a shoot-it-out, chase-em-down final scene. References to Point Break, every western you have ever watched, and even Matrix movies.<br /><br />It is hard to describe this movie except to say this is as unique as Guy Ritchies Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels is - but in different ways. This is a laugh from start to finish. I will never be able to drinnk decaffi
them - the reason is much more banal and it sets up a shoot-it-out, chase-em-down final scene. References to Point Break, every western you have ever watched, and even Matrix movies.<br /><br />It is hard to describe this movie except to say this is as unique as Guy Ritchies Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels is - but in different ways. This is a laugh from start to finish. I will never be able to drinnk decaffi
ves nearby with his wife Susanne (Ursula Strauss).<br /><br />It's hard to give an accurate description of what this film is about without mentioning the latter half of the film. With that said, it's hard to describe the latter half of the film without spoiling the first half but I've done my best above. To tread carefully again, Revanche is a "crime-thriller" with two characters experiencing different kinds of g
make sense, that didnt' quite fit Obama's history. This connects the loose ends. The research done is deep, not sure how the author found all this.<br /><br />You have to see the whole video, and its hard to describe it to someone who has no background info on this. But you will be amazed if you just sit down and let it soak in. This is like the missing middle puzzle piece that makes all the other pieces fit. Thi
ers in the foreground with an open field of heartland America in the background. I finally got to see HOOSIERS on video and I am sure glad that I did. This is one of my all-time favorite movies. It's hard to describe but this movie is what America is all about. Great performances, photography and a brilliantly emotionally charged score composed by Jerry Goldsmith contribute to the success of this film. One critic
ers in the foreground with an open field of heartland America in the background. I finally got to see HOOSIERS on video and I am sure glad that I did. This is one of my all-time favorite movies. It's hard to describe but this movie is what America is all about. Great performances, photography and a brilliantly emotionally charged score composed by Jerry Goldsmith contribute to the success of this film. One critic
ers in the foreground with an open field of heartland America in the background. I finally got to see HOOSIERS on video and I am sure glad that I did. This is one of my all-time favorite movies. It's hard to describe but this movie is what America is all about. Great performances, photography and a brilliantly emotionally charged score composed by Jerry Goldsmith contribute to the success of this film. One critic
review/text: I think most people believe this movie is good amusing fun.  I actually do believe there is a little more to it.  Its the hard to describe something that seperates the ok movies from the good films. The not so subtle commentary on domestic and suburban life is wittier and more profound than i'd expected.  I came away thinking i'd gotten
the wonderful qualities he was.<br /><br />My review is different than others here.  But all I can say is this is a story that everyone should see as the story itself must be felt inside, and that is hard to describe.  As a work of art, this work astounds.  Nothing can be said except good for the efforts of all.<br /><br />Stunning!
/>The cinematography is some of the most interesting ever.  Studying it could be the sole focus of an entire graduate film program, and they still not might be able to cover it in its entirety.  It's hard to describe the power of scenes like after Hoffman reveals to his girlfriend that her mother was the woman he was with.  As he walks away defeated, the camera pans out and the look in Mrs. Robinson's eyes says s
nte and Tom  Tykwer, it is absolutely riveting.<p>For all these reasons and more, see  this movie.  I love this movie so much, and I've probably seen it well over  10 times, but at the same time it's hard to describe WHY I love it.  I've  tried to do that here, but I really can't.  You are just going to have to  see it to believe it.
/><br />The first thing that people will notice about this film is it's eye-popping visuals. Anyone who has had the pleasure of seeing Mamoru Oshii's film Avalon will be familiar with the style. It's hard to describe exactly, but you'll know it when you see it. Everything has a soft focus, and a noir-ish black and a cool retro, almost black-and-white-but-not-quite tint. Some will say this is to cover up the CGI a
hi worships and finds solace and peace in (despite his wretched life). The tracks we get to hear (I think there's only about four or five) are just amazingly... beautiful. They're so poetic that it's hard to describe, but Lily's voice is so... magnetic and strong. I could listen to the tracks over and over again and not get bored of them AT ALL (they're that absorbing).<br /><br />The movie shows so realistically
 lot more like Serge Lifar, the original creator of Apollo. Also, while the Terpsichore/Apollo duet is still the highlight of the ballet, it seems more integrated into the rest of the ballet. This is hard to describe except to say that nowadays the duet is taken at a much slower pace, with a lot more still posing, while Diana Adams and d'Amboise take the duet at a relatively fast clip. This is kind of akin to the
review/text: A fairly simple, although hard to describe-in-a-way-that-will-make-others-see-it plot.  It's kind of like a cross between an Animal Planet special and Alice In Wonderland.  Not an emotioanl powerhouse or an intellectual's treasure trove, but 
ewer is accustomed to it, it ends up adding to the surreal and mysterious atmosphere.  I really don't think the movie would have had as strong an effect if it had been in colour.<p>In any case, it is hard to describe how perfect this movie was, how well the plot fit together, that amazing feeling I got while watching it as everything began to fit into place... Just go see it!
review/text: I had the definite fortune of seeing this film for the first time as a midnight show in an actual theater many years ago. I'd been a Beatlemaniac for several years, and it is hard to describe the feeling of actually seeing and hearing live, moving Beatles after seeing b&w stills of the movie for years in magazines, etc.<br />This film remains staunchly in my top 10 movies of all time, bar
t something about three crazy guys running over to the wash basins to 'sterilize' their hands, and then going around in a circle, drying their hands on the coat of the person in front of them...yeah, hard to describe.<br />  So it's not the best I've seen them do, but it's great.  I have an idea: I think MGM should release a dvd with all of their funny scenes on it.  That way we could just watch it and laugh, wit
 guy had asked about her, she doesn't know what to do - and so she winds up acting like "a total geek" every time he's around.<br /><br />There are so many other little story lines going on that it's hard to describe it all here.  Suffice it to say that there are many hysterical moments - where you laugh till your cheeks hurt - and many others where your heart goes out to this "poor teen".  It brings back SOoooo 
review/text: I bought this so that I could share it with my son.  I was a big Gretzky fan, and found it hard to describe how incredible he was.  My son was amazed to witness the moves I only talked about.  What a great trip down memory lane.<br /><br />My son later read a book about and wrote about Gretzky for a school
nd care about him. Orlando Bloom was perfect as the wimpy and arrogant Paris that you loved to hate. But the showstopper performance would have to go to Eric Bana in his flawless role as Hector. It's hard to describe, you just have to see it.<br /><br />The best scene of the entire movie is the showdown between Achilles and Hector because Peterson directed it in a such a way that the tension is palpable. Also the
nd care about him. Orlando Bloom was perfect as the wimpy and arrogant Paris that you loved to hate. But the showstopper performance would have to go to Eric Bana in his flawless role as Hector. It's hard to describe, you just have to see it.<br /><br />The best scene of the entire movie is the showdown between Achilles and Hector because Peterson directed it in a such a way that the tension is palpable. Also the
or to George Reeves portrayal. Why I think this is that he is quite obviously younger looking ( early mid 20's ), very athletic and he smiles / comes across / projects himself in a certain way ( it's hard to describe ) that would appeal to kids and also teenage girls 13 - 18 who would have had a " crush " on him. He's sort of a blend / combination of a " young " Superman and an " old " one. Anyway I highly recomm
review/text: Now here's a series that's hard to describe. At first glance, judging by the first few episodes, you could call it an anime re-telling of Frankenstein (monster brought back to life by a mad scientist just needs a little love and understanding)
since it came out too close to the Columbine shootings. (Honestly which was ridiculous.)<p>Moving on, my review of the movie of course is as biased as the rest. I loved it from beginning to end. It's hard to describe (in a worthwhile way) unless you see it yourself. The plot was told to me by a cousin and I really didn't want to watch it, but not even half the way through the movie I was in love with it, and boug
review/text: I find it a little hard to describe why I like I, Robot so much. I feel drawn to the movie again and again. In a certain fashion, this is typical of the work of Alex Proyas, the director of I, Robot. Alex Proyas is probably best known 
t movies you have ever seen. If you work in an office enviroment, or work in the IT sector this movie is the best. You'll particularly like the gangland beating of the office printer. <p>The story is hard to describe, but if I had to I would say that it's the story of a man on his quest to do nothing... absolutely nothing. <p>I recommend this movie if you are between 14 and 50. A little younger could watch it but
 on and on about this film but suffice to say that so far I haven't met anyone who didn't find "Raising Arizona" hilarious. And as any great Coen brothers film, it has a certain mythic quality that's hard to describe, but is present all of of the brothers' best efforts. When I was single, I often used Coen brothers films as a barometer of sorts for prospective boyfriends. For instance, I remember seeing "Fargo" o
review/text: This film frightened me as a kid, when I first saw it on television, and the images stayed with me for a lifetime. There is a metaphor for pure evil in this film, although I find it hard to describe.<br /><br />The "bad alien" did not have to blast his ray gun at the woman in the swimming pool as she tried to get help. Skeletons don't swim, or float. They quietly sink to the bottom. Brrrrrrrrr!!
y Fred's complete lack of morals still make me snicker even though I can pretty much recite the entire movie by memory. Luckily, Ben and Fred's opposing natures make them a good team.<br /><br />It's hard to describe, but the movie seems packed with events even though not much is happening in it. There's a trio of goons who want to rob a bank with Johnny's help, but it kind of pales to the impending peril of John
, but the lead character's acting as an autistic girl was very.... weird. She came off looking more like a whiny child to me and I found her very annoying when she'd speak. I don't know, it's kind of hard to describe.<br />The movie was fine until she'd start to talk, and then it just didn't hold together.<br /><br />The fight scenes are amazing though, and the premise of the story was pretty good for what it was
lm features an Oscar-Winning screenplay, superb acting from Kate Hudson, Patrick Fugit, and Billy Crudup, and a story you will never forget.  There is so much to appreciate about this film that it is hard to describe it without rambling on and on.  So, bottom line: See this film!
lm features an Oscar-Winning screenplay, superb acting from Kate Hudson, Patrick Fugit, and Billy Crudup, and a story you will never forget.  There is so much to appreciate about this film that it is hard to describe it without rambling on and on.  So, bottom line: See this film!
/>The cinematography is some of the most interesting ever.  Studying it could be the sole focus of an entire graduate film program, and they still not might be able to cover it in its entirety.  It's hard to describe the power of scenes like after Hoffman reveals to his girlfriend that her mother was the woman he was with.  As he walks away defeated, the camera pans out and the look in Mrs. Robinson's eyes says s
review/text: THis movie is nuts. There is so much going on here it's hard to describe. A great story coupled witha fantastic cast makes this one of my favorite movies. It's basically a 70's slapstick movie, and if you like those you will love this. Movies such as &quot;the great Race,
 really quick editing and brutal gore. But personally that's not scary, it's just gross. Saw 2 doesn't change this, even though it's admittedly good concept is intact.<br /><br />The Jigsaw Killer is hard to describe as a murderer since he doesn't actually do it, his victims do. Being someone who "saves people's lives", he devises ways where people have to do something painful in order to escape. Most of them don
os are confronted. And sometimes this subtlety can be even more powerful.<br /><br />In Bad Education Almod&oacute;var tackles paedophile priests and the tragic effects on one boy in particular. It's hard to describe the non-linear plot which has you trying to work out exactly what's real, what's fiction, and who's who, without giving too much away. Half the fun of the film is piecing the parts together. But it's
viewer to the Rome of Julius Caesar, this is what we would see.  This series utterly captures the flavor of the Roman Empire of Caesar's time, with an attention to detail and superb direction that is hard to describe.  Most recreations of ancient Rome are products of Hollywood fancies.  This one is not.<br /><br />At first I was not enamored with the casting in this series, but by the time I had completed the fir
rky (especially the expat Tahitians).  And there is an impassioned performance (very German expressionist) by the Dirk character.  The whole middle section of the film has this weird quality which is hard to describe, but not your usual movie stuff.<br /><br />  It is worth noting for anyone who doesn't know the original story of Gauguin, that the biography is false: Gauguin died of syphilis;  he and his wife con
review/text: this movie was so messed up from beginning to end. i didn't know what to expect after the opening scene. it's hard to describe the type of dysfunction this movie portrays, but if you have ever seen a crackhead in action arguing with another crackhead, then you might know what to expect. my friend told me about this one and i
good time chewing the scenery and overacting to extreme levels.<br /><br />Of course, that also means that like other reviewers have noted, there are a few scenes that just fall flat.<br /><br />It's hard to describe this movie and in many ways harder to rate it.  Even in the extra about the movie the one director admits that four different men directed different segments, there were rewrites up to the last minut
 "The Children of Paradise" is filmed in the theaters --- and, especially "Crime Boulevard" in front of the theaters. The main female character is Garance (Arletty), a former "courtesan" --- actually hard to describe her, except that she is beautiful and very kind.  The main male character is the mime Baptiste, played by Jean-Louis Barrault, who is madly in love with Garance.<br /><br />By the end of this film, B
hat space into Neo and Smith getting it on in some way shape or form. The screenplay should have been revised from the start instead of plowing so much money into the Zion action sequence. It is very hard to describe what an utter disappointment this film was. It could possibly be one of worst mega-budget pictures ever made. Fans will feel downright conned. Those who are looking for popcorn fodder will probably f
ak of her career in this film, and she just absolutely OWNS her role, even more so than Glen Close did in the Frears version, radiating a mixture of evil and sensuality and whimsical decadence that's hard to describe but easy to be completely fascinated by on the screen. Also, Gerard Phillipe, the 'James Dean of France' who was known as one of the most wooden actors of his generation (for proof of this woodenness
ak of her career in this film, and she just absolutely OWNS her role, even more so than Glen Close did in the Frears version, radiating a mixture of evil and sensuality and whimsical decadence that's hard to describe but easy to be completely fascinated by on the screen. Also, Gerard Phillipe, the 'James Dean of France' who was known as one of the most wooden actors of his generation (for proof of this woodenness
e as Maxxx Robinson, the adult film director who threatens to ruin Young's life.  Matt Stone steals every scene he is in, but his role should be seen and not discussed (especially since it is sort of hard to describe).  Let us not forget Sancho; what can you say about Sancho except that, well, he is Sancho.  There are also, I should mention, some actual adult film stars in this film - including Ron Jeremy, who is
os are confronted. And sometimes this subtlety can be even more powerful.<br /><br />In Bad Education Almod&oacute;var tackles paedophile priests and the tragic effects on one boy in particular. It's hard to describe the non-linear plot which has you trying to work out exactly what's real, what's fiction, and who's who, without giving too much away. Half the fun of the film is piecing the parts together. But it's
d the scenery is absolutely amazing. I own the soundtrack to this movie and it is a pure joy to listen to. Especially when I am walking early in the morning. The music is so beautiful. It's litreally hard to describe. It's like listening to sounds from Heaven if Heaven exists.<br /><br />As far as the story goes - We see things from the point of view of various characters. The two main ones being Confederate Gene
 on and on about this film but suffice to say that so far I haven't met anyone who didn't find "Raising Arizona" hilarious. And as any great Coen brothers film, it has a certain mythic quality that's hard to describe, but is present all of of the brothers' best efforts. When I was single, I often used Coen brothers films as a barometer of sorts for prospective boyfriends. For instance, I remember seeing "Fargo" o
ll, but the 70's version does an admirable job of putting a great story in a modern light.<p>Kong was a little too human for me compared to the original, but the 2nd version just has an appeal that's hard to describe.  The DVD cover immediately reminded me of all the fast food posters back in the 70's as this movie was very popular when it was released.  It remained popular in theaters and drive-ins for several y
review/text: That's the only way to describe this hard to describe film.  Pitt is good, but not great.  Forlani is a welcome site.  Anthony Hopkins deserves the kudos.<p>I saw this film not knowing what to expect.  I wasn't  disappointed.  Pitt's sudden demise early
 really quick editing and brutal gore. But personally that's not scary, it's just gross. Saw 2 doesn't change this, even though it's admittedly good concept is intact.<br /><br />The Jigsaw Killer is hard to describe as a murderer since he doesn't actually do it, his victims do. Being someone who "saves people's lives", he devises ways where people have to do something painful in order to escape. Most of them don
review/text: DUDE! this movie was AWESOME! it was wicked funny but hard to describe. it was full of surprise and it was cool. u have to pay attention and follow along. U HAVE TO SEE THIS MOVIE!!! only one more thing to say.........................................SHIBBYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!
review/text: Mala's 9/28/07 review is wonderfully done. There is so much content in this 45 min workout that's hard to describe that I won't try.<br />Few things:<br />There IS soft middle eastern music playing throughout to keep you from getting bored. This is a slow, relaxed, toning workout to bring about body awareness as 
review/text: I usually love cartoons and own a ton of them, but this set of Aquaman cartoons is just terrible.  It's hard to describe just how bad it is.  Terrible stories, etc.  I can imagine that you're a little limited because you're in oceans, but wow, it's terrible.  The Aquaman character was much better as part of the Justice
review/text: Audrey Hepburn is Holly Golightly. There is and was only one. It is hard to describe the attraction of this film, yet it still captivates me every time I view it. I think it has something to do with the time and place when it was made, a carefree time that exists no longer and a time
re. A car is the star of the film, a very jealous and vengeful one at that. Man, that sounds silly but, if you're reading this you have probably watched the movie so no sense going into details. It's hard to describe the story in a paragraph without it sounding stupid....but it's not. Maybe the quickest way to explain it is that it is about a car that is alive, like a human, and you mess with it, you pay!<br /><b
tice the lack of many of the original Mancini songs in this print (most notably, in the opening shot).<p>This is one of the rare films where none of the characters are &quot;good,&quot; although it's hard to describe any of them as completely &quot;evil,&quot; either.  Each one, even the minor characters, are fully realized and three-dimensional, which bolsters the timelessness of the story and the effectiveness 
ers in the foreground with an open field of heartland America in the background. I finally got to see HOOSIERS on video and I am sure glad that I did. This is one of my all-time favorite movies. It's hard to describe but this movie is what America is all about. Great performances, photography and a brilliantly emotionally charged score composed by Jerry Goldsmith contribute to the success of this film. One critic
ers in the foreground with an open field of heartland America in the background. I finally got to see HOOSIERS on video and I am sure glad that I did. This is one of my all-time favorite movies. It's hard to describe but this movie is what America is all about. Great performances, photography and a brilliantly emotionally charged score composed by Jerry Goldsmith contribute to the success of this film. One critic
ers in the foreground with an open field of heartland America in the background. I finally got to see HOOSIERS on video and I am sure glad that I did. This is one of my all-time favorite movies. It's hard to describe but this movie is what America is all about. Great performances, photography and a brilliantly emotionally charged score composed by Jerry Goldsmith contribute to the success of this film. One critic
since it came out too close to the Columbine shootings. (Honestly which was ridiculous.)<p>Moving on, my review of the movie of course is as biased as the rest. I loved it from beginning to end. It's hard to describe (in a worthwhile way) unless you see it yourself. The plot was told to me by a cousin and I really didn't want to watch it, but not even half the way through the movie I was in love with it, and boug
review/text: What is life like in a not too distant future? What we think is good today, can be barbaric tomorrow. It's hard to describe what this movie is about without giving the answer. You better see it to believe it.
s also one of those movies where the Making-Of doubles the value of the movie. Even having worked on the movie, people grasp for words to describe it. Commercialism is easy to describe. Creativity is hard to describe. What do you say when a world springs from someone's mind? Care to step inside?<br /><br />Ultimately, I have to state the measure of Mirrormask's originality: Its like nothing I've ever seen or hear
gence, the delightful weirdness, the astounding visual vocabulary. Except that in this case, the words are spoken by good actors, and all those visuals get up off their feet and move.<br /><br />It's hard to describe the impact of watching a McKean painting move and talk. There might be those who quibble about the movie looking too "animated," but of course that's exactly the point: to create a world and make it 
s also one of those movies where the Making-Of doubles the value of the movie. Even having worked on the movie, people grasp for words to describe it. Commercialism is easy to describe. Creativity is hard to describe. What do you say when a world springs from someone's mind? Care to step inside?<br /><br />Ultimately, I have to state the measure of Mirrormask's originality: Its like nothing I've ever seen or hear
gence, the delightful weirdness, the astounding visual vocabulary. Except that in this case, the words are spoken by good actors, and all those visuals get up off their feet and move.<br /><br />It's hard to describe the impact of watching a McKean painting move and talk. There might be those who quibble about the movie looking too "animated," but of course that's exactly the point: to create a world and make it 
 came time to track down this film I would have gotten confused between Mike Myers and Peter Sellers and who knows who all else.  But Heather Graham is hard to miss.  If you haven't seen Kumare, it's hard to describe what makes the two movies so similar, considering this is supposed to be a fiction film and the new movie a a documentary but basically both of them are young, handsome Indian guys who decide to pose
n 1945. So there went my theory. I guess what "Mildred Pierce" could be described as is a case of life imatating art. You have to admit, there are connections.<br /><br /> "Mildred Pierce" is kind of hard to describe. I'm afraid, if I haven't already, I'll reveal too much. But considering the fact the movie is considered a classic, many may already know the story. I'm not sure how much I should tell you. Maybe it
 who wants to be lovable, but whose seriously twisted family background makes that impossible.<p>Angela Lansbury steals this movie, however, as the ultimate &quot;mother-from-hell&quot;<p>The plot is hard to describe in brief, but it involves Harvey, a Communist conspiracy and Harvey's red-baiting inebriate of a stepfather, played by James Gregory with a not-subtle resemblance to Joe McCarthy.<p>This film works b
r />The video's on this section include (As well as a brief description and person rating of the videos):<br /><br />1) My Prerogative (Which features Britney Spears at a party, other than that it is hard to describe though, I'd give this about a 4/5)<br /><br />2) Outrageous (Which features Britney and Snoop dogg playing basketball, This video runs for roughly 1 minute (I'd rate this a 2.5/5, I just didnt care f
ew/text: Yellowbeard is memorable largely for being Marty Feldman's last movie.  He died of a heart attack induced by shellfish poisoning in Mexico City while filming it.  The film itself is a little hard to describe - think "Treasure Island" crossed with "Wizard of Oz" while tripping on especially bad 'shrooms.  The comedy is awesome right up until the last 10 minutes when the writers started to sober up and hav
review/text: This movie is really hard to describe. First of all, Michael Caine did a  fine job but his performance didn't strike me as oscar caliber. Secondly,  the movie seemed a bit to preachy about the pros and cons of abortion.  Third, the sex s
e background, behind the swishing of the leaves and the twittering of this little bird comes a piano and French horn duet that absolutely fascinated me with it's solemn, haunting mellowness.  <p>It's hard to describe how powerfully the soundtrack melds into the visuals in this version of the classic children's book.  Usually, the soundtrack provides an underpinning for the visuals and tries not to get in the way 
review/text: It hard to describe why this is a funny movie. Maybe its the absurdity of some of the scenes or the on-purpose low budget portions or the fact that its Will speaking Spanish the whole movie. You laugh at this movie for 
e Juliet Stevenson gives us some very individual characters that only add to the enjoyable goings-on.<br />Fine direction from veteran Istvan Szabo helps to maintain a steady period sensibility. It's hard to describe to cleverness without giving away essential plot points, but I enjoyed it very much, and am still in awe of Ms. Bening's achievement.<br />She keeps losing Oscars to Hilary Swank, but given more grea
s enjoyed futuristic Sci-Fi - Do not really remember if it appeared in comic form.<br /><br />Have yet to look at disc 2 -- have thoroughly enjoyed the actors concept of their characters - it is very hard to describe the feelings invocked upon seeing that ugly old Alien Queen - the nasty Company that wanted the Alien alive - no matter who has to die in the meantime.<br /><br />Oh Yeah! those guys were in for the 
 It finally hit me one night at blockbuster what I had been neglecting throughout my teenage years, rented Alien and brought it back to my dorm to the delight of my college buddies.<br /><br />  It's hard to describe the terror and tension Ridley Scott creates in this film.  The facehugger and chestburster scenes are truly the stuff nightmares are made of, the kinds of things that make you wake up yelling and swe
vie from the first time I saw bits of it in the mid-seventies upon waking up mid-movie while it played on the late late show! For the longest time I didn't know what the movie was called and found it hard to describe it to people when I would try to find an answer. It was such and is still quite the twisted movie! This movie has committed to celluloid a very playful take on the Vampire saga. I wouldn't want to gi
review/text: To anyone who has never seen a Marx Brothers film, it's hard to describe. "Horse Feathers" just may be the wackiest, corniest, dumbest, funniest and just plain craziest movie you've ever seen. It could be any one of those adjectives. In my opinion, it's all of them. It's 
review/text: It's hard to describe the effect that first seeing this movie had on me the first time I saw it five years ago, but it's something that's sucks with me at the very least.<br /><br />This was the first bit of UY I ever saw
 Hong Kong cinema ('boxer' is the closest word to what the Chinese use to describe a martial arts practitioner). The 'boxer's world' concept doesn't have a Western equivilent concept, and is a little hard to describe. Its basically that if you devote your whole life to martial arts and the pursuit of perfection in it, you have no time for 'real world' type of living. Its almost as if you have two different worlds
review/text: This movie is hard to describe.  Very enjoyable, not boring, not an average love story...just great.  Enjoy it!
review/text: Audrey Hepburn is Holly Golightly. There is and was only one. It is hard to describe the attraction of this film, yet it still captivates me every time I view it. I think it has something to do with the time and place when it was made, a carefree time that exists no longer and a time
e background, behind the swishing of the leaves and the twittering of this little bird comes a piano and French horn duet that absolutely fascinated me with it's solemn, haunting mellowness.  <p>It's hard to describe how powerfully the soundtrack melds into the visuals in this version of the classic children's book.  Usually, the soundtrack provides an underpinning for the visuals and tries not to get in the way 
 than that? The characters are also people you actually care about. Kurt Russell and Spader do an excellent job in the film. Overall, this film is another that to be seen to be believed. It really is hard to describe and has to be seen!
m will give those with open minds a chance to see what life would have been like for one loyally serving in such a military to realize that there is only one solution and to be willing to act.  It is hard to describe Stauffenberg as a hero but after watching this true to life film, it is difficult not to as well.
is projected on the rear screens giving the audience the feeling that they are behind Christine and their own reaction is the reaction of the "audience" who just watched her aria from Hannibal.  It's hard to describe but a cool efect.<br /><br />It's also fair to note that these "screens" were necessary given the sheer size of the arena, and in the vastness of the RAH, some consideration had to be made to those i
review/text: It's hard to describe Damon Packard's experimental comedy/horror/satire masterpiece "Reflections of Evil."  I've never seen anything quite like it before.  Stylistically, it bears some resemblance to cyberpunk films like 
review/text: Very hard to describe this masterpiece. I think the first reviewer is close in describing the style yet no words can really explain it. This movie is an experience simply put - very much unlike anything else that is out t
s Character.  Lots of flash backs based that give context and depth to his current problem make for a really interesting story.  The movie is certainly a drama with lots of romance interwoven.  It is hard to describe the story without revealing much.  Much of the movie is him pitching, while flashing back to memories of his life with a girlfriend.<br /><br />One thing that I loved, but also kind bother me was Vin
ers in the foreground with an open field of heartland America in the background. I finally got to see HOOSIERS on video and I am sure glad that I did. This is one of my all-time favorite movies. It's hard to describe but this movie is what America is all about. Great performances, photography and a brilliantly emotionally charged score composed by Jerry Goldsmith contribute to the success of this film. One critic
ers in the foreground with an open field of heartland America in the background. I finally got to see HOOSIERS on video and I am sure glad that I did. This is one of my all-time favorite movies. It's hard to describe but this movie is what America is all about. Great performances, photography and a brilliantly emotionally charged score composed by Jerry Goldsmith contribute to the success of this film. One critic
ers in the foreground with an open field of heartland America in the background. I finally got to see HOOSIERS on video and I am sure glad that I did. This is one of my all-time favorite movies. It's hard to describe but this movie is what America is all about. Great performances, photography and a brilliantly emotionally charged score composed by Jerry Goldsmith contribute to the success of this film. One critic
 If you like seing graphic depictions of arms and legs being broken, then check this out. For all the tai chi style of martial arts I would've expected a hong kong star in the lead role instead.  Its hard to describe the way this production is other than to say it's the type that you'd see direct to video or premium channel. The production is great for what their budget was no doubt.  I still felt like I was shor
ly good action movie topic like Alexander the Great, but it was incredibley boring.<br /><br />First of all, the dialogue is awful. And when I say awful, I mean AWFUL. Why is it awful, that's kind of hard to describe. People just randomly arguing with eachother every second for no reason in particular except to add to the drama. As well as this, everything sounds incredibly awkward. no matter what the context. It
formance as well. The opening sequence alone is worth a viewing  of this movie.  It is the greatest opening sequence I've ever seen, rivaled  only by the one from Raiders of the Lost Ark..maybe. It's hard to describe  with any one word. Watch this film and I think you will be hard put to find  another western that comes even close to being this suspenseful, moody, or  entertaining.
s to capture this in his directing style, lingering curiously on extranea that, while at first blush appearing irrelevant to his presumed purpose, soon swell to assume a power over the viewer that is hard to describe.<br /><br />Thus when this film is over, the things you remember most wondrously and tenderly are not the airship, but the cave of the swifts, the lonely motion of the dancer against the waterfall, a
ew/text: Yellowbeard is memorable largely for being Marty Feldman's last movie.  He died of a heart attack induced by shellfish poisoning in Mexico City while filming it.  The film itself is a little hard to describe - think "Treasure Island" crossed with "Wizard of Oz" while tripping on especially bad 'shrooms.  The comedy is awesome right up until the last 10 minutes when the writers started to sober up and hav
review/text: Comfort and Joy (Bill Forsyth, 1984)<br /><br />It's kind of hard to describe the appeal of Bill Forsyth's fourth (yes, there was one before Gregory's Girl) feature film, Comfort and Joy, without sounding like a raving lunatic. Not that that's ever stopped me before. A popular
ers in the foreground with an open field of heartland America in the background. I finally got to see HOOSIERS on video and I am sure glad that I did. This is one of my all-time favorite movies. It's hard to describe but this movie is what America is all about. Great performances, photography and a brilliantly emotionally charged score composed by Jerry Goldsmith contribute to the success of this film. One critic
ers in the foreground with an open field of heartland America in the background. I finally got to see HOOSIERS on video and I am sure glad that I did. This is one of my all-time favorite movies. It's hard to describe but this movie is what America is all about. Great performances, photography and a brilliantly emotionally charged score composed by Jerry Goldsmith contribute to the success of this film. One critic
ers in the foreground with an open field of heartland America in the background. I finally got to see HOOSIERS on video and I am sure glad that I did. This is one of my all-time favorite movies. It's hard to describe but this movie is what America is all about. Great performances, photography and a brilliantly emotionally charged score composed by Jerry Goldsmith contribute to the success of this film. One critic
mistreat the animal, and then Gappa's far from long-extinct parents show up to stomp around Japan for awhile in search of their little Gappa bundle of joy.  These monsters are rather unimpressive and hard to describe.  They can't decide if they want to fly, swim, or walk, and they have bird-like beaks and long, whip-enabled tails; I swear one of them has a fake beard, and the other one seems to adorn itself with 
s" was during "Schools Out." It incorporated the lyrics to the sing-along-song part (We don't need no education...) of Pink Floyd's, "Another Brick in the Wall, Part II." It was a nice touch which is hard to describe to others without actually seeing or hearing it. I wish this CD/DVD combo with two versions of "Schools Out" would have done the same.<br /><br />Both visual and audio were crystal clear with a commo
nto, folk, country, gospel...I said wide variety...I find I am becoming a more than weary of what could be called the "Broadway muscial motif".<br />They have a way of sounding so very similar. It is hard to describe. I'll try this: that the melodies and tempi seem only barely able to emerge from recitative.<br /><br />Here is a sample of a tune from this show:  C-D; C-D; C-A...and then we "vary" that monotony by
review/text: This movie is hard to describe.  It's so funny, it puts me in tears, but it's not a typical comedy like Office Space or Anchorman or Billy Madison or whatever.  I think what strikes me about this movie is that it is so real.  The 
 and goes to see him, pretending like she's utterly happy with her new guy and her new life. But that passion between them is still there.<br /><br />There's lots of little bits to this movie so it's hard to describe in such a short space. Does everything work out? Well, sort of. I suppose it does, but I guess it really depends on how you look at. The ending is so sappy that I could've sworn someone just dumped h
ee what a hard nosed manager Miles Copeland is and maybe why there was a rift between his brother Stewart ( drummer for The Police)and Sting. Egos were definitely at play here.<br /><br />This DVD is hard to describe as it has so much too it. I can only tell you I will now finally part with the VHS tape now that it is out on DVD. By it, and see why music is the universal language and how much fun it is to be in a
ir game.  The score will take you away to a different time.  The story will make you reminiscent and nostalgic of your own youth and your friendships.  This is a movie everyone should see.  Words are hard to describe its sweet pain of loss and life...MTS
 Hong Kong cinema ('boxer' is the closest word to what the Chinese use to describe a martial arts practitioner). The 'boxer's world' concept doesn't have a Western equivilent concept, and is a little hard to describe. Its basically that if you devote your whole life to martial arts and the pursuit of perfection in it, you have no time for 'real world' type of living. Its almost as if you have two different worlds
review/text: This movie is hard to describe.  Very enjoyable, not boring, not an average love story...just great.  Enjoy it!
review/text: I pretty much agree with ALL the reviewers here.  This is a bad cheesy movie which I enjoyed for some strange reason.  It's hard to describe, but this movie makes cheesy film-making an art form.  It probably is for nostalgics only, but who knows.  I saw it once when I was very young and it stuck in my mind until I accidentally stumbled ac
 effects over CGI effects any day.  At least you don't actually see the ghost.  This movie makes you use your imagination and is pretty unpredictable.  This movie has an early '70s feel to it that is hard to describe.  Highly recommended.
he movie was great as well as the sounds effects were great also.<br /><br />the other con to the movie was the film angle of the zombies or how should i put it they zipped them in and out persay its hard to describe once you see the movie youll know what i mean.<br /><br />now the other con is the zombies themselves before i saw land of the dead i thought resident evil zombies were great and made perfect but whe
m with Resident Evil Apocalypse is that the camera views are awful.When you watch a fight seen you want to see the fight at a good angle and on many different angles.The views were so bad it's almost hard to describe them  but think about seeing a fight seen and the whole time the camera's focused on the person's chest the entire fight there's kicking and punching but you can't see much of the kicking or punching
review/text: It is really hard to describe this movie, but I will try. According to Joseph Pistone, this movie is about 95% true. This movie is based on the experience of Joseph D. Pistone. In this movie he is played by Jonny Depp. Joseph wor
about who he is and what he does. Suffice to say that in modern times he'd have big hair, a bad suit and the ability to cry/plead for money on cue whenever a TV camera is on him.<br /><br />It's very hard to describe this movie beyond what I've said, at least as far as the plot goes. The cinematography is mind-blowing and the music is... well, effective. There's a weird sound that plays over the soundtrack from t
n 1080p High Definition, we get a 7.1 DTS-HD Master Audio lossless soundtrack which sounds incredible!  Just the fact that the film looks and sounds better is significant.  The colors just pop!  It's hard to describe of how awesome this film looks on Blu-ray compared to previous video releases.  In the past, there was always this dreamy, hazy look to the film.  Though it was colorful, I have always thought that w
review/text: This was such a piece of [film] it's hard to describe.  I bought it based on the cover, thought I was getting a 'kung fu' flick, you know lots of choreographed fights, etc.  It was just a [bad] bunch of meaningless stuff strung together and called a mov
nything but nice people.<br /><br />If you can enjoy a good character-development story and not get too dismayed by a depressing scene or two this movie will reward you with some intangibles that are hard to describe unless you've seen this.<br /><br />Jack Nicholson, David Morse, Angelica Huston and Robin Wright make for an interesting foursome, I'll say that.<br /><br />If you don't like this movie, I would und
/>The cinematography is some of the most interesting ever.  Studying it could be the sole focus of an entire graduate film program, and they still not might be able to cover it in its entirety.  It's hard to describe the power of scenes like after Hoffman reveals to his girlfriend that her mother was the woman he was with.  As he walks away defeated, the camera pans out and the look in Mrs. Robinson's eyes says s
itchcock. Hitch himself was disappointed with the film and later noted that "it's just another manhunt story wrapped in pseudo-psychology".<br /><br />The story is so confused and confusing that it's hard to describe. Gregory Peck (1916-2003) plays a doctor suffering from amnesia who impersonates another doctor who turns out to be a man whom Peck thinks he killed, but in fact it's the old doctor (Leo G. Carroll) 
review/text: This is one of my favorite movies by Mr. Campbell. It is very similar to quite a few SiFi/Horror flicks of the early and mid sixties. It is hard to describe the fun parts of this movie without going into details and giving some of the good bits away. It is funny only in that special way Mr. Campbell has of making something dark laughable. If you are a fa
n 1080p High Definition, we get a 7.1 DTS-HD Master Audio lossless soundtrack which sounds incredible!  Just the fact that the film looks and sounds better is significant.  The colors just pop!  It's hard to describe of how awesome this film looks on Blu-ray compared to previous video releases.  In the past, there was always this dreamy, hazy look to the film.  Though it was colorful, I have always thought that w
tice the lack of many of the original Mancini songs in this print (most notably, in the opening shot).<p>This is one of the rare films where none of the characters are &quot;good,&quot; although it's hard to describe any of them as completely &quot;evil,&quot; either.  Each one, even the minor characters, are fully realized and three-dimensional, which bolsters the timelessness of the story and the effectiveness 
so much so that it will spark a new trend in Hollywood. It's not that the feature isn't entertaining, it is. The problem is that it is nothing more then that. The feeling this film leaves you with is hard to describe, so here's the best way one can put it: If you are at a buddy's house for a night with your best friends and the School of Rock is the film of choice, you won't exactly try to weasel everyone out of 
o everyone, which to me is part of it's appeal.  The Dude, Walter, etc. are all unique and interesting characters in their own funny ways.  Every line seems funnier the more you watch the film.  It's hard to describe, but I recommend everyone see it and you'll either love it or not get it.  But I'm betting most will love it.
review/text: I watched this movie on a plane flight from Chicago to Portland. All in all I'd rather have slept. This film is hard to describe, because it intentionally tries (very hard) to be clever and quirky. The writer seems to have a headware fetish as people wearing hats of every conceivable kind seems to be a major objective of the f
in Christmas town. He was looking at everything with wonder, the snow, the elves, presents, and even Santa Clause. Later he comes back to Halloween Town to tell everyone about what he saw. But it was hard to describe.  After many expirements with Christmas he decides he wants to kidnapp Santa clause and become Santa himself. He changes his image and brings Christmas to Halloween.<br /><br />This is a great film. 
review/text: Very artistic film dealing with the surreal and dream state.  You know how it's always hard to describe what happens in your dreams?  It seems like one thing lead to another and the two are completely unrelated some times.  That's exactly what happens in this film, but all will make sense at the end.  
 Raimi drives everything with his unique direction that places the action somewhere between a horror and a cartoon. It has great camera work, frantic shots and a real flair for the unreal; it is very hard to describe but it can be seen it many of his films.<br /><br />Campbell's ongoing cult status has only been helped recently by Bubba Ho-tep but this is where it basically began and part II only sees his continu
o everyone, which to me is part of it's appeal.  The Dude, Walter, etc. are all unique and interesting characters in their own funny ways.  Every line seems funnier the more you watch the film.  It's hard to describe, but I recommend everyone see it and you'll either love it or not get it.  But I'm betting most will love it.
n 1080p High Definition, we get a 7.1 DTS-HD Master Audio lossless soundtrack which sounds incredible!  Just the fact that the film looks and sounds better is significant.  The colors just pop!  It's hard to describe of how awesome this film looks on Blu-ray compared to previous video releases.  In the past, there was always this dreamy, hazy look to the film.  Though it was colorful, I have always thought that w
A Game'. Sleuth sounds like some standard detectives fair and this is not standard. The movie is a game and it is about games and Anthony Shaffer is playing a game with the audiance.<br /><br />It is hard to describe the film without giving away a twist or turn but the begining is fairly safe. Milo Tindel (Michael Caine) is invited to the country manner of Alaxander Wake (Laurance Olivier). Wake is a rather bizar
, starring Jake Gyllenhaal, Jamie Foxx, and Peter Sarsgaard, concerns a Marine Corps unit preparing to be deployed during the first Persian Gulf war in 1991. This movie fails on so many points, it is hard to describe where to begin. The script and story are inconsistent, murky, and unoriginal, with most of Jarhead's theme taken from earlier psychotic military epics such as Apocalypse Now and Full Metal Jacket. Th
review/text: This quirky, hard to describe film has become a big cult classic over the years.  The movie takes place in Hellesbay, New York, where a strange kid named Rex Voorhas (David Jacobson) moves into town and becomes the target of high
review/text: Very artistic film dealing with the surreal and dream state.  You know how it's always hard to describe what happens in your dreams?  It seems like one thing lead to another and the two are completely unrelated some times.  That's exactly what happens in this film, but all will make sense at the end.  
 /><br />This is Nimoy's motion picture directorial debut, and he performs solidly enough, though there are a few moments here and there where it simply feels like there's something ... missing. It's hard to describe.<br /><br />That's not to say it isn't worth a watch. If you plan on seeing Star Treks II and IV, this is a must see. But there are also some scenes that are just superbly done. The scene breaking Mc
rth&quot; garnered an unprecedented eight nominations for the Golden Raspberry Awards (the &quot;razzies&quot;).  Having sat through it myself, I can tell you, it is not hard to see why.  It's really hard to describe how incredibly abyssmal &quot;Battlefield Earth&quot; is.  It's a derivative, sloppy, shoddy, implausible nightmare of a film, a train wreck, a riot of bad acting from people who know better.  It's t
 on a stunningly bad performance that's pure comedy gold. He looks like the alien from the Predator films, and he seems to have a bad accent that sounds both American and British simultaneously (It's hard to describe, but you gotta hear it). Oh Forest Whitaker, what are you doing here? You also put on a bad performance, but sadly it's not comical like John Travolta's. For the most part, Barry Pepper is the only p
the pornography that she is viewing. There are various other characters who come into contact with the pair and sexual fantasies are the main theme that drives the story forward.<p>In many ways it is hard to describe without actually seeing it. There is very little plot but the movie does have some very memorable characters and it does have a good climax. It is sort of like a tone-downed version of a David Lynch 
ls.<br /><br />Writers Larry Hankin and William Tepper really came with an original story and the meat thing driving the film was really interesting. The script has a very distinct feel to it that is hard to describe but when you see it you will know what I am talking about. Director Jason Ensler really keeps things kinda gritty and realistic and keeps unexpected things happening. The humor of this film is most l
review/text: I really enjoyed this movie. I have not seen many Steve McQueen movies to date, but I hope to see more now. Frank Keller won an Oscar for editing for "Bullitt" and I can see why. It's hard to describe what makes great editing, but you know it when you see it. Sometimes a shot will go on a bit longer than you expect it to, and, after viewing the shot, you realize how effective it was. There are sev
broken when they cancelled it due to budget constraints.  I still cling to some fleeting hope that someday they will revive the series, but I think that is only a dream at this point.<br /><br />It's hard to describe what made this show so good.  Perhaps it was the irresistable and ever-evolving love story between Michael and Nikita.  You were always left guessing:  Is this just a Section ploy or does Michael rea
l!<p>The acting is breathtakingly intense, the structure of the film is professionally carried through to perfection, and the threads just fit together in a beautiful symphony of life!<p>It really is hard to describe something this well-done, so instead I will just recommend you to see this wonderful Woody Allen creation.
review/text: If you like Buckethead, and want to learn more about his early years you should get this one, and Vol 1 as well. Kinda hard to describe, but if you're a buckethead fan, then you already know.<br />[...]
not everyone will like this movie, but the ones with artistic heart will taste the flavor of a fantastic production.  It's bizarre, it's different, it's so many things at the same time, that it is so hard to describe.  You will have to pay atention to understand the meaning and that's just one of the good sides.  This isn't a hollywood mega hit movie, but it have so much potential thanks to it's poetic feeling, t
review/text: American History X is very hard to describe into words, for me at least. A white man goes to prison after killing a black man that was trying to steal his fathers car. One catch: the man is part of the local skinhead movement. He's the youth l
rprising stars like Tom Cruise and Julianne Moore wouldn't hesitate to work in this movie.  All of the characters were so well realized, that there wasn't a single storyline that left me bored.  It's hard to describe Anderson's genius in words, but all it takes is one look at his work to see it.  Look at this, Boogie Nights and Punch Drunk Love in particular for a unique movie making style.  I wish he'd churn out
own, it's a bit too long , and probably would've restored some poignancy. The other thing that I found surprisingly lacking, was it never really felt like Pitt's character was engaging...It's kind of hard to describe, but you never got to see any clever or interesting or unique dialogue that would lead his wife and Swinton's characters to gravitate to him...maybe the idea was they just picked up on his 'specialne
review/text: Trees Lounge is hard to describe because it doesn't really stick to one specific genre.  The reason it doesn't stick to one specific genre is because it doesn't really do much of *anything*.  Plot development?  Yeah... if you wanna 
review/text: This film frightened me as a kid, when I first saw it on television, and the images stayed with me for a lifetime. There is a metaphor for pure evil in this film, although I find it hard to describe.<br /><br />The "bad alien" did not have to blast his ray gun at the woman in the swimming pool as she tried to get help. Skeletons don't swim, or float. They quietly sink to the bottom. Brrrrrrrrr!!
review/text: It's hard to describe what I felt about this movie. It sort of redefined what normal society thinks of love. The ideologies about love in modern society would never accept this sort of relationship. But this movie gave a 
review/text: This is a movie that drips with cheese.<br />Silly special effects, basic plot, one dimensional characters.<br /><br />And it's one of my favorite movies of all time.<br /><br />It's hard to describe why I like this movie so much. Maybe it's because I grew up watching Kung Fu Theater as a kid, and so have a special place in my heart for bad effects with guys flying around on wires and the like.<b
review/text: It's hard to describe to people who are either under the age of 28 or over the age of 38 why this movie is one of the best ever made.  This movie is more dear to me and truly describes my childhood more than any other 80'
s movie is so terrible... and I mean SO terrible, that you absolutely must see it. But if you see it, you must see it with a large group of people. The movie is so bad in so many ways that it will be hard to describe them, but I can try.<br /><br />The movie starts off with the most wild concept you can possibly imagine, or rather, the most wild concept that a 4th grader can possibly imagine, then sets it on the 
tman is meant to be more hidden.  Dont let those opinions stop you from watching this true work of art.  The film also has some great action scenes and a good chemistry between the actors.  Its quite hard to describe how incredible the film is.  I cant see how the original can ever be said to be better than this.
picting the lives of the characters brought this viewer right into the era. The cinematography was outstanding taking what looked old (and should have) using creative styles of the present. I find it hard to describe, so you be the judge.<br /><br />If you are looking for a action movie, you will not find it here. This film ropes you into the mind and lives of the famed Jesse James and Robert Ford. An inside look
you require duels, shootouts, guns a blazin' and horses kicking up the dust..skip this movie. Don't get me wrong, I like all that as much as the next guy, but you won't find it here.<br /><br />It is hard to describe this film, part western, a little documentary, melancholy (a little Larry McMurtry), stirring, slow at times but emotionally moving, carefully crafted tension, and again, great music that carries the
review/text: This film is so hard to describe to people.  It's such a beautiful work.  Every piece of film, every part of the soundtrack creates a uniform atmosphere which shifts from humor, awkwardness, sadness, and reflection.  There are so ma
d to portray the 40 passengers and crew members are each to be applauded separately (and collectively), in my personal opinion, for their realistic and spot-on performances in this movie. It's really hard to describe how good this whole cast is. All of the performances from the men and women who share this cast roster will move you to tears. The terror on board that aircraft is so real during this movie, it's not
, starring Jake Gyllenhaal, Jamie Foxx, and Peter Sarsgaard, concerns a Marine Corps unit preparing to be deployed during the first Persian Gulf war in 1991. This movie fails on so many points, it is hard to describe where to begin. The script and story are inconsistent, murky, and unoriginal, with most of Jarhead's theme taken from earlier psychotic military epics such as Apocalypse Now and Full Metal Jacket. Th
review/text: If you, like me, have always admired photos of Ms. Brooks but never took the time to watch one of her films you're in for QUITE an experience.<br /><br />She has a screen presence that's hard to describe. Aside from her obvious beauty she transmits something in her eyes that jumps across three quarters of a century and confronts you as a woman of contemporary society. Very little of the usual silent 
ries, sugar plum fairies and intergalactic, Euro Ambiguou ballet interludes.<br /><br />The music is gorgeous, the feeling is timeless (though, it definitely has a late 1970s/early 1980s feel that is hard to describe). This production never fails to simultaneously transport and bewitch me into an almost ethereal haze.
6'8&quot; since he had to look up to him. Jimmy Stewart's subtle, thoughtful performance gives a surreal quality to a film that feels mostly like a well done stage play, but has an edge to it that is hard to describe and should be experienced by any movie lover or person interested in thinking about life, familiy, and one's view of reality. A must for the DVD collection.
his Gem of a movie. I must say this isn't typical of most anime you'll see and it's geared towards adult viewers and doesn't have the "silliness" level that seems to plague many animated movies. It's hard to describe but the animation is fairly unique and it looks absolutely amazing. It was hard to stop watching as it's addicting due to the great animation and story. If you were like me and never really liked ani
review/text: Imagine a Kurosawa film with hip-hop attitude (thanks in part to the absolutely fantastic soundtrack by RZA).  I found it hard to describe for friends in terms of genres; it moves far too slow for an action movie, too much violence and death for a character study; further confused by infrequent touches of comic genius;  it comes off on 
gs in the world must balance.  Bruce Willis and Samuel L. Jackson both gave stellar performances in the primary roles.  I find myself at a loss for words (which happens infrequently) ... this film is hard to describe without giving away too much of the plot.  Willis portrays a man who can't be injured ... Jackson, a man who is very easily hurt physically.  The film has some childhood flashback scenes for both cha
in of the machines while trying to save 2 (Martin Landeau, "Ed Wood"). The rest of the film is the 9 trying to evade and fight the machines and find a way to stop them.<br /><br />The problem is it's hard to describe the plot without making it sound stupid and simple, while it is simple it's far from stupid. The voice actors fit each character, 5 (John C. Reilly, "Chicago", "Step Brothers"), 1 (Christoper Plummer
review/text: This was so far ahead of its time that it is hard to describe.  Ic an see a bunch of stuff from STarwars in this.  The way the Robo-cops act is like the robots in Starwars... etc.<br /><br />Buy it!
teless comic bent, and so frequently employed, that it demands mention. The story feels minor to begin with, but is so disjointed and inane, that it is best described as no story at all. The music is hard to describe, I'll be kind, it's not helpful. The only reason to see this film is for the absolutely gorgeous, almost hypnotic cinematography. That and perhaps a young and radiant Sarah Miles. That should have be
 "The Children of Paradise" is filmed in the theaters --- and, especially "Crime Boulevard" in front of the theaters. The main female character is Garance (Arletty), a former "courtesan" --- actually hard to describe her, except that she is beautiful and very kind.  The main male character is the mime Baptiste, played by Jean-Louis Barrault, who is madly in love with Garance.<br /><br />By the end of this film, B
review/text: This movie ... is hard to describe.  In one sense, it's frightening because when you consider the "real" news headlines of our times..., the sort of thing that takes place in this movie does not seem far fetched.<br /><br />There are 
 loving commemoration includes lush music, fantastic singing, astute comedic performances, an entertaining narration, and plenty of supplementary visual material.  It is a stage show that is somewhat hard to describe as it seems both straightforward in presentation while structurally succeeding on a number of different levels.  This personal history is accessible and fun despite its serious moments, and Tilson Th
 her other siblings, Peter, Susan and Edmund and actually get caught up in a war: Narnians versus those loyal to the evil White Witch. And helping them out is the almighty lion Aslan.<br /><br />It's hard to describe Narnia(or Lord of the Rings or Harry Potter for that matter) without saying stuff like almighty, magical and whatnot but the nice thing about the film is that it doesn't over explain too much. One pr
review/text: I'm an avid fan of fantasy, and while it's been a number of years, I remember having the book read to me in elementary school.  The film brings to life a certain enchantment that's hard to describe in words.  The music and the assortment of Narnia's characters are the definite working charms here.  That being said, I have one major complaint: this would have been much better had it been produce
review/text: It hard to describe why this is a funny movie. Maybe its the absurdity of some of the scenes or the on-purpose low budget portions or the fact that its Will speaking Spanish the whole movie. You laugh at this movie for 
nte and Tom  Tykwer, it is absolutely riveting.<p>For all these reasons and more, see  this movie.  I love this movie so much, and I've probably seen it well over  10 times, but at the same time it's hard to describe WHY I love it.  I've  tried to do that here, but I really can't.  You are just going to have to  see it to believe it.
review/text: This is a movie that drips with cheese.<br />Silly special effects, basic plot, one dimensional characters.<br /><br />And it's one of my favorite movies of all time.<br /><br />It's hard to describe why I like this movie so much. Maybe it's because I grew up watching Kung Fu Theater as a kid, and so have a special place in my heart for bad effects with guys flying around on wires and the like.<b
review/text: This movie was somewhat disturbing in it's realism.  Curse words were few, so it wasn't that.  It will make you think and challenge your beliefs.  It is challenging and hard to describe.  It is a true story and so is valuable for learning.  The man it is about is a very controversial figure.  Some people nearly worship him, and others can hardly stand him and try to discredit everyt
review/text: This film frightened me as a kid, when I first saw it on television, and the images stayed with me for a lifetime. There is a metaphor for pure evil in this film, although I find it hard to describe.<br /><br />The "bad alien" did not have to blast his ray gun at the woman in the swimming pool as she tried to get help. Skeletons don't swim, or float. They quietly sink to the bottom. Brrrrrrrrr!!
ife.  Surprisingly, there is very little gore involved, much less than I had expected.  Zalman King's performance is fairly odd and discordant, along with the delivery of a lot of his dialogue.  It's hard to describe, but I had the feeling he seemed always just of out sync with the film, creating a bizarre element that would normally work against a picture, but here, it seemed to complement the plot as it unravel
review/text: It's is hard to describe this film in words!!! Everything about this film is amazing, stylish, and plainly eye candy with each action scene eclipsing the last. This film is based on the comic book series called "Sin City", a
review/text: It's extremely hard to describe this movie in words...this movie is just too good.  Finnaly there is a horror movie for those of us who appreciate "real" horror movies.  I was getting really tired of all the so called horror movies
he sets are minimal and bright, giving the whole thing a "circus" and entertaining atmosphere to be sure. But this opera is no joke or parody. It is serious and genuine to itself with a charm that is hard to describe. I think this approach makes it fun, and when was the last time a Baroque Opera was fun to watch?<br /><br />The cast is superb -- no other way to describe them. The singers -- principles as well as 
like Napoleon Dynamite in that it's not a movie for everyone.  It's violent but in a cartoonish way.  Also, it is subtitled and I know some people don't want to have to read subtitles.  It's honestly hard to describe.  It is a kung fu movie and a comedyand a love story and a morality play and a live action cartoon all in one.  It's one of those movies that you will either love or you'll hate.  I loved it!
e decides to choose another, resulting in similar scenarios.  Obviously this is a visual gag, so much will be lost reading about it here.  There's so much overall nuttiness going on in this film it's hard to describe it, but if you dig on zany Three Stooges antics, you'll probably enjoy this feature.  Hardcore film fans may also get a kick out of the film as there's plenty of references to other films, in particu
In several cases the choice to put in a scene jolted you out of the flow of the story.<br />-Overall, there was a feeling to the film that didn't sit right with me and those watching it with me. It's hard to describe. It's like you wished you had never watched the movie and never, ever want to watch it again. But it's more than that. It leaves a bad feeling with you for awhile. Thankfully, God isn't a God who wan
tman is meant to be more hidden.  Dont let those opinions stop you from watching this true work of art.  The film also has some great action scenes and a good chemistry between the actors.  Its quite hard to describe how incredible the film is.  I cant see how the original can ever be said to be better than this.
ms (Happy Gilmore, Billy Madison, Little Nicky, Click), I found hilarious. I love stupid comedy films (Blades of Glory and Semi-Pro had some great stuff in them) but this was just so bland.<br />It's hard to describe why this film is so bad. Lots of him doing physically incredible things as the Israeli Super Soldier, putting a fish down his swim trunks, catching one in his butt, tying guys into pretzels, just doe
review/text: Cloverfield is so unique it's so hard to describe.  It is mainly an action movie, but its artistic because it's filmed like the "Blair Witch" in first person camcorder-style.  Mix in a bit of a Godzilla movie with some demonology ie, Cthulu, from H.
ll, but the 70's version does an admirable job of putting a great story in a modern light.<p>Kong was a little too human for me compared to the original, but the 2nd version just has an appeal that's hard to describe.  The DVD cover immediately reminded me of all the fast food posters back in the 70's as this movie was very popular when it was released.  It remained popular in theaters and drive-ins for several y
den concert DVD but Flight 666 is a great look at the band and is just as good. If you're a fan this a must never before has Maiden been shown this way, it's hard to believe just how good it is. It's hard to describe but if you are a fan of the band you just have to see this.There two versions the special edition has a better booklet, I own the standard edition as it was what was available to me.
is brilliant in his triple role as the U.S. President, Dr. Strangelove, and Mandrake. George C. Scott also tops the cake in his over-the-top caricature of the Pattonesque General Buck Turgidson. It's hard to describe all of the nuances of this film on such a short review: you have to see it for yourself. Although the film will certainly have more of an impact on those who are old enough to remember the Cold War a
r. This is not toilet humor. This is dark political humor that's incredibly ironic and satirical. There are so many classic scenes ("Be careful, Mr. President. I think he's drunk."), that it's simply hard to describe all of them in just one review. Straight to the point, this is one of Stanley Kubrick's greatest films, and one of the greatest comedies of all time. It has a great ensemble of actors (Sellers, Scott
review/text: I find it a little hard to describe why I like I, Robot so much. I feel drawn to the movie again and again. In a certain fashion, this is typical of the work of Alex Proyas, the director of I, Robot. Alex Proyas is probably best known 
review/text: To anyone who has never seen a Marx Brothers film, it's hard to describe. "Horse Feathers" just may be the wackiest, corniest, dumbest, funniest and just plain craziest movie you've ever seen. It could be any one of those adjectives. In my opinion, it's all of them. It's 
rovide a diverse cross section of America.  There is a Vietnamese immigrant trying to build a better life, a content middle class couple, a destitute loner, a successful academician, and (this one is hard to describe, but I'll be nice) a working class guy who made good as a local hero.  Each story has its highs and lows.  Most approached the windfall with a fair amount of caution as they were thrust into the nati
provide a diverse cross section of America. There is a Vietnamese immigrant trying to build a better life, a content middle class couple, a destitute loner, a successful academician, and (this one is hard to describe, but I'll be nice) a working class guy who made good as a local hero. Each story has its highs and lows. Most approached the windfall with a fair amount of caution as they were thrust into the nation
review/text: I really enjoyed this movie. I have not seen many Steve McQueen movies to date, but I hope to see more now. Frank Keller won an Oscar for editing for "Bullitt" and I can see why. It's hard to describe what makes great editing, but you know it when you see it. Sometimes a shot will go on a bit longer than you expect it to, and, after viewing the shot, you realize how effective it was. There are sev
review/text: I find it a little hard to describe why I like I, Robot so much. I feel drawn to the movie again and again. In a certain fashion, this is typical of the work of Alex Proyas, the director of I, Robot. Alex Proyas is probably best known 
review/text: I first watched this concert on PBS then ran to my store to buy it!! This concert is perfectly sung by Josh Groban and his voice is so lovely it's hard to describe.  The sets, guests, and music all mesh to provide one of the best concerts I've ever seen and I've seen many.  The sound is so perfect you have to listen well to realize it's recorded "Live".  I boug
/><br />The first thing that people will notice about this film is it's eye-popping visuals. Anyone who has had the pleasure of seeing Mamoru Oshii's film Avalon will be familiar with the style. It's hard to describe exactly, but you'll know it when you see it. Everything has a soft focus, and a noir-ish black and a cool retro, almost black-and-white-but-not-quite tint. Some will say this is to cover up the CGI a
ew/text: Yellowbeard is memorable largely for being Marty Feldman's last movie.  He died of a heart attack induced by shellfish poisoning in Mexico City while filming it.  The film itself is a little hard to describe - think "Treasure Island" crossed with "Wizard of Oz" while tripping on especially bad 'shrooms.  The comedy is awesome right up until the last 10 minutes when the writers started to sober up and hav
review/text: First of all, don't catch this on tv.  Rent it or buy it so you can see the R rated version so the entire effect can be had from this extremely hard to describe movie.  Comedy, Horror, Urban Fairy Tale with a Moral?  You'll have to watch and figure out for yourself.  Personally I think there's all of the above in this movie but the Horror parts stick out the
ruders in a house that seems to never end.  Part haunted house yarn, part mad dog chase, and lets not forget "Flowers in the Attic" on acid, blend with a near zombie-like teenage movie.  The movie is hard to describe, but there isn't one nearly like it.  It is Wes Craven's most original work, and to cast a drag queen as the leading lady is so John Waters!  Also stars a young Ving Rhames, who now has gone full cir
t some of the supporting cast members are more memorable.  There's some good heart pumping action moments in this film.<br />Overall, I thought this would be a great film when it was only good.  It's hard to describe other than I didn't feel every scene overlapped properly, but, since this isn't film school I won't go into the details.  Overall, a good movie and better than most but not "A" quality.  I found the 
review/text: I really enjoyed this movie. I have not seen many Steve McQueen movies to date, but I hope to see more now. Frank Keller won an Oscar for editing for "Bullitt" and I can see why. It's hard to describe what makes great editing, but you know it when you see it. Sometimes a shot will go on a bit longer than you expect it to, and, after viewing the shot, you realize how effective it was. There are sev
review/text: I took my 7 year old son to see this movie today, and there was a point in the movie where I had "that feeling."  This is a feeling I don't often get watching a movie.  It is hard to describe it, but I know that the next time, and every other time I see that spot in the film, this thrill will return.  The last time I got that thrill was when I saw "Fellowship of the Ring," and I got to th
review/text: I find it a little hard to describe why I like I, Robot so much. I feel drawn to the movie again and again. In a certain fashion, this is typical of the work of Alex Proyas, the director of I, Robot. Alex Proyas is probably best known 
od actors (well, majority of the cast) and not the lowest budget.<br />However, "Testosterone" fits "those many others" films well. And I mean "well" in negative meaning.<br />The plot's character is hard to describe. At some moments it seems to be a dark and gloomy (with kind of light and entertaining music in background...wth???).<br />Then, some events are showed as if the whole enterprise was nothing more tha
ery seven minutes they randomly cut to an old letter that consists of 3 unreadable sentences. Finally an hour into the movie they write 3 more lines of nonsense and cut to that for a few seconds. Its hard to describe, but this inane filler is worth the price of admission alone.<br />As I am writing this I think I am changing my opinion, if you are a fan of unintentional comedy you will love this nonsense. The onl
 haunting with great light and shadow filming very atmospheric vampire film this Black and white film is better than most color vampire films it gives the film a very eerie feeling of quality that is hard to describe if you never seen this you are in for a treat see what a master film maker can do with a great horror movie this has to be one of the best horror films I have seen there are some nice classic horror 
y favourite scenes is where Rathebe recounts how they would sing revolutionary songs and the whites would look at them and praise them for their melody not realising what the actual lyrics were. It's hard to describe that scene in words, but its wonderfully shot and the two matriarchs burst into spontaneous laughter at the memory, and yet the viewer is never allowed to forget the pain of the condescension and hum
review/summary: A very complex movie; hard to describe or rate
ave for each other.<br /><br />The music just adds to this rich palette.  The solo violin piece played through out the film creates this warmth that actually accentuates the colors of the film.  It's hard to describe, but the piece adds its own color to the beautiful animation.<br /><br />Overall, this movie made me realize that a story, as simple as this one, could resonate to anyone that is willing to see the b
review/text: I watched this movie on a plane flight from Chicago to Portland. All in all I'd rather have slept. This film is hard to describe, because it intentionally tries (very hard) to be clever and quirky. The writer seems to have a headware fetish as people wearing hats of every conceivable kind seems to be a major objective of the f
o everyone, which to me is part of it's appeal.  The Dude, Walter, etc. are all unique and interesting characters in their own funny ways.  Every line seems funnier the more you watch the film.  It's hard to describe, but I recommend everyone see it and you'll either love it or not get it.  But I'm betting most will love it.
 (like many of today's movie trailers out of mainstream Hollywood.)<p>The many themes presented in the movie (war, love, loss, greed, death and revenge) are visited upon us in very subtle ways. It is hard to describe how the filmmakers have done it, without giving away the plot's clincher. The story unfolds slowly at first, drawing a very somber picture of life during the Spanish Civil War in a remote orphanage. 
n the middle and the end, when Jon is following the mysterious blonde, and the breathtaking shots of the park, and the stunning music in the soundtrack, so bittersweet and innocent, so 1960's, and SO hard to describe in mere words. The title song sounds a lot like The Byrds. Oh, and the whole bookstore sequence is hilarious!<br /><br />I'm sure you'll love this if you're a fan of De Niro and/or De Palma. It's a s
 Not only is the story highly original, the entire production from the music and animation to the packaging and even the English dubbing is outstanding.<br /><br />This is one of those series that is hard to describe to someone else. I've tried, and I usually get a weird look: "A wandering medicine man cures people of ails that are caused by supernatural "bug-like" organisms called "mushi"... that means "bug" in 
he score was used later as a full song on the soundtrack titled "Angel". With NINish drums and a hollow flute like melody this song encapsulates the feel of this movie better than anything else. It's hard to describe exactly how it does, but listen and you might get it. The final scene of the movie is an overhead shot of Mathilda that rises up to the New York skyline. This is accompanied by the song "Shape of My 
ve watched most, if not all of his standup performances available on video, and this one is truly the best. Richard is crude and raunchy, but he speaks the truth that we never talk about! It's really hard to describe how funny this DVD is, because they was just so much material that spanned a lot of subjects. Some of my favorites include Richard's bit about the woods, including a deer and a bear as well his bit a
ual flair.  From the disturbing mind of Carl which encompasses a rather surprising setpiece involving a horse, to the serene desert of a little boys mind, the sheer staggering beauty of the images is hard to describe.  But on top of this, Tarsem shows an exceptional talent for storytelling also.  He cuts between the search for the missing girl, and &quot;J.Lo&quot; searching the mind of Carl with absolute precisi
ham), partners (but not the kind that "hold hands and take windy walks," as Turkish puts it) in running an illegal bare-knuckle boxing ring.<p>What follows is so fast-paced and intertwined that it is hard to describe it. [....] I loved this movie so much that I find it hard to keep it to a minimum when discussing it.  I haven't yet found a review that truly did it justice, and I'm sure I'm not doing much better. 
re.  That is why this dvd is so  unique and wonderful.  Some songs sung around the table are beauties, others are drunken Christmas songs that they have forgotten the lyrics to.<br /><br />It is very hard to describe how unique and wonderful this movie is.  If you are a fan of Americana/Folk music, then do yourself a favor and pick this gem up.  You won't regret it.  Happy listening/watching!
review/text: For me, paprika film was a reccomendation from a close friend, a not so hard core fan of anime, but still a good films lover. Not many words about it. It's hard to describe what's all about with Paprika without being a plot spoiler, but if yoou liked Inception you will definitely like Paprika. It's all about dreaming, and trying to find out what a dream means... and som
review/text: I was able to watch the beginning of this film but I couldn't finish the rest and I finally got to see it.  I can only say that this film is a crazy wild ride.  Very hard to describe but you'll be amazed if you like sci-fi films.  I agree that Hollywood would never make such a daring film, not because of the money, but because of the creativity needed to create something like thi
n 1080p High Definition, we get a 7.1 DTS-HD Master Audio lossless soundtrack which sounds incredible!  Just the fact that the film looks and sounds better is significant.  The colors just pop!  It's hard to describe of how awesome this film looks on Blu-ray compared to previous video releases.  In the past, there was always this dreamy, hazy look to the film.  Though it was colorful, I have always thought that w
 a 20 minute episode? I am a total anime fan and LOVE all different types of anime so I guess maybe I like this because I like most anime. AND I know this review probably makes no sense because it is hard to describe what I am trying to say but basically this is a good anime.
e unrestored film stock copied for this edition.<br /><br />Beyond the emulsion's natural grain, the celluloid used by this white label outfit seems to have lost a bit of transparency. Thus there's a hard to describe faint north/south cloudiness that can almost be seen to move with the 24 fps advancement of the film.<br /><br />Dirt spots and white drop-out flecks occur during early reel changes. At such times th
ers in the foreground with an open field of heartland America in the background. I finally got to see HOOSIERS on video and I am sure glad that I did. This is one of my all-time favorite movies. It's hard to describe but this movie is what America is all about. Great performances, photography and a brilliantly emotionally charged score composed by Jerry Goldsmith contribute to the success of this film. One critic
ers in the foreground with an open field of heartland America in the background. I finally got to see HOOSIERS on video and I am sure glad that I did. This is one of my all-time favorite movies. It's hard to describe but this movie is what America is all about. Great performances, photography and a brilliantly emotionally charged score composed by Jerry Goldsmith contribute to the success of this film. One critic
ers in the foreground with an open field of heartland America in the background. I finally got to see HOOSIERS on video and I am sure glad that I did. This is one of my all-time favorite movies. It's hard to describe but this movie is what America is all about. Great performances, photography and a brilliantly emotionally charged score composed by Jerry Goldsmith contribute to the success of this film. One critic
review/text: It's hard to describe the effect that first seeing this movie had on me the first time I saw it five years ago, but it's something that's sucks with me at the very least.<br /><br />This was the first bit of UY I ever saw
review/text: This film is incredible.  Not because it is good, but because it is so horribly bad.  And its very clear that they didn't mean it to be so bad.  Its hard to describe exactly what is so bad about it.  its actually a very well made movie. (except for the boom in the shot in one of the first scenes)  The acting is actually not very bad, I've seen much worse in TV sh
formance as well. The opening sequence alone is worth a viewing  of this movie.  It is the greatest opening sequence I've ever seen, rivaled  only by the one from Raiders of the Lost Ark..maybe. It's hard to describe  with any one word. Watch this film and I think you will be hard put to find  another western that comes even close to being this suspenseful, moody, or  entertaining.
laces, such as shortening a scene of a room being searched by leaving the camera in one place but jumping from 2-second clip to 2-second clip of the actress going through drawers, closets, etc.  It's hard to describe in text, but trust me, you'll know it when you see it.  I honestly thought the disc was damaged the first time it happened.<br /><br />Overall this film is -decent-.  It probably deserves about 2 1/2
review/text: It is really hard to describe this movie, but I will try. According to Joseph Pistone, this movie is about 95% true. This movie is based on the experience of Joseph D. Pistone. In this movie he is played by Jonny Depp. Joseph wor
d atmosphere throughout the film. The best way I can think to describe the music is a combination of sinister premonition and playfulness or dark humor, which suits the movie perfectly. It's a little hard to describe but you'll see what I mean when you hear it. I give it a solid four stars. I note a lot of people here didn't like it though, but would just say that if it's not your sort of movie, you'll know withi
eridan, his wife Delenn filled in tears watching the sun coming up in Tuzenor at the planet Minbari.. Sleeping in Light, a hint there is Light beyond death visualized by this incredible scenes.. It's hard to describe in words, but ANYONE who wants a great future, hope, and opposes the negative ""Zeitgeist"" of today should buy the entire series. Let's hope and pray a sequel is coming, series like these are urgent
review/text: It is hard to describe this movie because it brings out so many emotions. Without going into the story (you can read that already} let me just say, on the negative side, that it was a little difficult to understand in some
ting into their families and in many cases, their religions.  Here the piece turns a bit, a number of confusing emotions dominate the landscape, things I couldn't begin to understand.<br /><br />It's hard to describe what viewing this film was like-- it could be stunningly touching, horrifying, uplifting, magical.  A really broad base of thoughts have come to mind, not the least of which is that this should be sh
picting the lives of the characters brought this viewer right into the era. The cinematography was outstanding taking what looked old (and should have) using creative styles of the present. I find it hard to describe, so you be the judge.<br /><br />If you are looking for a action movie, you will not find it here. This film ropes you into the mind and lives of the famed Jesse James and Robert Ford. An inside look
you require duels, shootouts, guns a blazin' and horses kicking up the dust..skip this movie. Don't get me wrong, I like all that as much as the next guy, but you won't find it here.<br /><br />It is hard to describe this film, part western, a little documentary, melancholy (a little Larry McMurtry), stirring, slow at times but emotionally moving, carefully crafted tension, and again, great music that carries the
review/text: This film is uniquely beautiful, especially in high definition.  Its hard to describe it justly, but its almost a visual meditation - no narration or dialog, just a stream of consciousness showing scenes of nature and of mankind, both striking and beautiful.  Its quite a visual feast 
erwards that you truly experienced a global tour.<p>Baraka begins at a rather cautious pace, and as each scene passes by your vision, the intensity and depth slowly but steadily increases. It's a bit hard to describe, but I feel in a way that it causes the viewer to look inward at his/her own view of what the world is about and what life means. In a way, it compells you to ask yourself some deep questions. Make s
 acquire a Blu-ray player.". Most reviews before this date 10-30-08 are most likely for the DVD version. I have a 47 inch LG LCD 1080p tv and a brand new Panasonic DMP-DB35 Blu-ray disk player. It is hard to describe how good this movie looks on my TV. The movie has no dialog and is a series of scenes from around the world set to music. There is no computer animation in this movie but the movie was recorded on 65
review/text: This film is uniquely beautiful, especially in high definition.  Its hard to describe it justly, but its almost a visual meditation - no narration or dialog, just a stream of consciousness showing scenes of nature and of mankind, both striking and beautiful.  Its quite a visual feast 
erwards that you truly experienced a global tour.<p>Baraka begins at a rather cautious pace, and as each scene passes by your vision, the intensity and depth slowly but steadily increases. It's a bit hard to describe, but I feel in a way that it causes the viewer to look inward at his/her own view of what the world is about and what life means. In a way, it compells you to ask yourself some deep questions. Make s
 acquire a Blu-ray player.". Most reviews before this date 10-30-08 are most likely for the DVD version. I have a 47 inch LG LCD 1080p tv and a brand new Panasonic DMP-DB35 Blu-ray disk player. It is hard to describe how good this movie looks on my TV. The movie has no dialog and is a series of scenes from around the world set to music. There is no computer animation in this movie but the movie was recorded on 65
review/text: Jackass the Movie is a great laugh out loud comedy and like i said before for it will make you laugh until it hurts!!!!! It really hard to describe this movie,but it is worth your time and money and after you get done renting the movie you will own this movie for your dvd collection!!!!!!
review/text: Jackass the Movie is a great laugh out loud comedy and like i said before for it will make you laugh until it hurts!!!!! It really hard to describe this movie,but it is worth your time and money and after you get done renting the movie you will own this movie for your dvd collection!!!!!!
review/text: Wow, just saw this yesterday.  Kind of hard to describe but let me try... a fun, light-hearted romp through the woods.  You'll laugh, you'll cry... if you like talking animals and lots of acorns you'll love this film.  Think Disney with an edge.
 and goes to see him, pretending like she's utterly happy with her new guy and her new life. But that passion between them is still there.<br /><br />There's lots of little bits to this movie so it's hard to describe in such a short space. Does everything work out? Well, sort of. I suppose it does, but I guess it really depends on how you look at. The ending is so sappy that I could've sworn someone just dumped h
review/text: This crappy documentary is a complete waste of time!  There isn't even any HIM music - just some "rockin" documentary filler music... it's so bad, hard to describe... There's nothing on this anyway that you haven't seen before, except perhaps for the footage of Ville's dad, which was kind of cool... but not cool enough to make up for the painfully lame rest of 
review/text: This movie is hard to describe.  It's a cartoon version of a documentary of surfing penguins.  Because it tries to feel and look like a documentary, it is neither cute nor funny.  So there is no reason to see it.  Some consider it
review/text: This movie is hard to describe.  It's a cartoon version of a documentary of surfing penguins.  Because it tries to feel and look like a documentary, it is neither cute nor funny.  So there is no reason to see it.  Some consider it
d to portray the 40 passengers and crew members are each to be applauded separately (and collectively), in my personal opinion, for their realistic and spot-on performances in this movie. It's really hard to describe how good this whole cast is. All of the performances from the men and women who share this cast roster will move you to tears. The terror on board that aircraft is so real during this movie, it's not
little disappointing since it's obvious that the series creators injected a lot of chemistry between the couples up till now) but we still have the occasional bit thrown in for good measure. <p>It is hard to describe much else without ruining the plot of Slayers Try, but suffice to say that it reminded me a lot of Lodoss War with the characters of Slayers thrown in. A lot more serious, but it is a credit to the c
ir game.  The score will take you away to a different time.  The story will make you reminiscent and nostalgic of your own youth and your friendships.  This is a movie everyone should see.  Words are hard to describe its sweet pain of loss and life...MTS
 Raimi drives everything with his unique direction that places the action somewhere between a horror and a cartoon. It has great camera work, frantic shots and a real flair for the unreal; it is very hard to describe but it can be seen it many of his films.<br /><br />Campbell's ongoing cult status has only been helped recently by Bubba Ho-tep but this is where it basically began and part II only sees his continu
review/text: Any Given Sunday (DVD) is a &quot;pro&quot; football film experience that is hard to describe in typed words. I have watched it many times and affirm that it really gets one &quot;ready for some football&quot;. The story is a collection of mini-stories, all woven into the tapestry of professi
in of the machines while trying to save 2 (Martin Landeau, "Ed Wood"). The rest of the film is the 9 trying to evade and fight the machines and find a way to stop them.<br /><br />The problem is it's hard to describe the plot without making it sound stupid and simple, while it is simple it's far from stupid. The voice actors fit each character, 5 (John C. Reilly, "Chicago", "Step Brothers"), 1 (Christoper Plummer
udent clad in a skeleton costume sneaks up behind them and puts his arms under their shoulders, using his hands as their hands while the completely out-of-it L&H try to smoke with "their" hands. It's hard to describe this comedy bit but the timing is so absolutely perfect and execution of this piece of nuttiness so seamless that you have to laugh loudly. This scene is worth the price of this video. Any comedy buf
many people would like to get their hands on.  In his pursuit of Van Meer,  McCrea meets Carol Fisher (Laraine Day) whose father (Herbert Marshall) is  in charge of a world peace organization.  It is hard to describe the movie  without giving away too much of the plot, but the closer McCrea gets to the  truth, the more the enemy tries to eliminate him.  There are the usual  Hitchcock characters who are not what t
review/text: Audrey Hepburn is Holly Golightly. There is and was only one. It is hard to describe the attraction of this film, yet it still captivates me every time I view it. I think it has something to do with the time and place when it was made, a carefree time that exists no longer and a time
how the climbing scenes could make up for that--but boy they did! As you watch the two climbers battle the brutal conditions you'll be shocked by the primitive equipment they were using in 1936. It's hard to describe just how great and suspensful this movie is--it leaves you speechless at the ending. As one of the workers on the Eiger says to some tourists waiting for the climbers to start their ascent, "Eiger is
 making this workout just plain weird.  She is working out but she is super imposed onto various backgrounds and this gets to be very annoying because the backgrounds change frequently.  It really is hard to describe but it seriously gave me a headache from the constant lights flashing.  Oh, and there are two segments where she even has light flashing like a strobe light effect and you're left wondering, why???<b
he score was used later as a full song on the soundtrack titled "Angel". With NINish drums and a hollow flute like melody this song encapsulates the feel of this movie better than anything else. It's hard to describe exactly how it does, but listen and you might get it. The final scene of the movie is an overhead shot of Mathilda that rises up to the New York skyline. This is accompanied by the song "Shape of My 
 but those that have seen it, say, &quot;Why wasn't this movie more popular?&quot; Maybe it was bad timing, or as some others suggested, just not correctly billed to the public.<p>Last Action Hero is hard to describe. It's funny, it's witty, with lots of those one-liners that Arnold became so popular with, and I loved the way he constantly poked fun at his fictional character as well as his &quot;real&quot; self.
 Curtis) are cardboard cutouts and uninteresting. It's no surpise when so many characters from previous seasons are brought back as the show progresses.<br /><br />As for the plot of the season, it's hard to describe because it changes so many times over twety-four hours.  Remember the good old days of seasons 1 and 2 when their weren't so many threats?  The real-time aspect of 24 is often ignored in this season,
hen he flicks them. Could he be in a dream? If he is, what is the nature of this dream? What is its purpose? Where is it taking him? Most importantly, can he wake from it?<br /><br />The animation is hard to describe, which is a compliment really. In terms of motion, very often its realistic. As for shape, perspective, colors, facial experessions and such, you're only really shown a vague impression of what's the
hen he flicks them. Could he be in a dream? If he is, what is the nature of this dream? What is its purpose? Where is it taking him? Most importantly, can he wake from it?<br /><br />The animation is hard to describe, which is a compliment really. In terms of motion, very often its realistic. As for shape, perspective, colors, facial experessions and such, you're only really shown a vague impression of what's the
review/text: Any Given Sunday (DVD) is a &quot;pro&quot; football film experience that is hard to describe in typed words. I have watched it many times and affirm that it really gets one &quot;ready for some football&quot;. The story is a collection of mini-stories, all woven into the tapestry of professi
ing too expensive. Some of these strange vignettes work better than others, but all of them ring with a striking sadness about moving forward through life without all the proper pieces in place. It's hard to describe this movie accurately and without making it sound ridiculous, but afterward I felt like I'd seen something truly singular and special - and, despite the stark sadness of the themes, I still felt opti
review/text: It is really hard to describe this movie, but I will try. According to Joseph Pistone, this movie is about 95% true. This movie is based on the experience of Joseph D. Pistone. In this movie he is played by Jonny Depp. Joseph wor
t movies you have ever seen. If you work in an office enviroment, or work in the IT sector this movie is the best. You'll particularly like the gangland beating of the office printer. <p>The story is hard to describe, but if I had to I would say that it's the story of a man on his quest to do nothing... absolutely nothing. <p>I recommend this movie if you are between 14 and 50. A little younger could watch it but
review/text: this movie was so messed up from beginning to end. i didn't know what to expect after the opening scene. it's hard to describe the type of dysfunction this movie portrays, but if you have ever seen a crackhead in action arguing with another crackhead, then you might know what to expect. my friend told me about this one and i
breaths.  As you are folding over, move to center and roll up.  Switch sides.  Re-center with a few breaths.  Then you pinch your nose while breathing?  The next move is one I have never seen, and is hard to describe.  It starts in a position similar to child pose, but head is placed so crown is on floor.  You move your neck so one shoulder is on ground and opposite arm is bent.  It is like your neck is being str
a bit while in that position.  Alternate between flexing and releasing feet to stretch calves.  Then stop and breath while in Downward Dog.  Go into Cow (tabletop) position.  Then you do move that is hard to describe. You bring chest towards ground while still in cow position.  Then, lie flat with stomach on ground. Stretch arms and pretend you are swimming.  Grasp both hands behind back and raise stomach as far 
as is comfortable.  Rotate head to loosen tension.  Go into child's pose.  Next, is position that is hard to describe.  Go into cow position and rotate entire body in circle so that your butt is alternately up in air and chest is moving towards ground.  Sit in Hero position (on knees).  Lie back as far as comfortabl
review/text: I took my 7 year old son to see this movie today, and there was a point in the movie where I had "that feeling."  This is a feeling I don't often get watching a movie.  It is hard to describe it, but I know that the next time, and every other time I see that spot in the film, this thrill will return.  The last time I got that thrill was when I saw "Fellowship of the Ring," and I got to th
review/text: I took my 7 year old son to see this movie today, and there was a point in the movie where I had "that feeling."  This is a feeling I don't often get watching a movie.  It is hard to describe it, but I know that the next time, and every other time I see that spot in the film, this thrill will return.  The last time I got that thrill was when I saw "Fellowship of the Ring," and I got to th
review/text: I took my 7 year old son to see this movie today, and there was a point in the movie where I had "that feeling."  This is a feeling I don't often get watching a movie.  It is hard to describe it, but I know that the next time, and every other time I see that spot in the film, this thrill will return.  The last time I got that thrill was when I saw "Fellowship of the Ring," and I got to th
aintings and early computer graphics, the progressive sequence of art within them sneaks in the history of dialogue-free storytelling.<br /><br />ANIMATED? REALLY?<br /><br />The look of the movie is hard to describe. In one scene, when WALL-E and EVE are investigating a piece of bubble wrap, you can't tell it is an animated film. It actually appears to be live-action. Likewise, the outer space scenes have the sa
 Raimi drives everything with his unique direction that places the action somewhere between a horror and a cartoon. It has great camera work, frantic shots and a real flair for the unreal; it is very hard to describe but it can be seen it many of his films.<br /><br />Campbell's ongoing cult status has only been helped recently by Bubba Ho-tep but this is where it basically began and part II only sees his continu
n 1080p High Definition, we get a 7.1 DTS-HD Master Audio lossless soundtrack which sounds incredible!  Just the fact that the film looks and sounds better is significant.  The colors just pop!  It's hard to describe of how awesome this film looks on Blu-ray compared to previous video releases.  In the past, there was always this dreamy, hazy look to the film.  Though it was colorful, I have always thought that w
review/text: THis movie is nuts. There is so much going on here it's hard to describe. A great story coupled witha fantastic cast makes this one of my favorite movies. It's basically a 70's slapstick movie, and if you like those you will love this. Movies such as &quot;the great Race,
you should watch if you're REALLY into Japanese movies of the eccentric kind. The movie is somewhat linear but not plot heavy going from different groups of people and their weird circumstances. It's hard to describe the movie except to say you have to really turn your brain off and just absorb the movie like a sponge to enjoy it. This is the type of thing you would probably see late night on TV when there's noth
om from 1918 to 1939 before that light was extinguished by the invading Germans and then by the Soviets from 1945 until 1989. This movie is one of the best foreign films I have ever watched, but it's hard to describe the feelings you have when you watch the scene of the massacres.
 that the text becomes easily dissected.  To me this is neither a plus or minus since Shakespeare's choice of wording is deliberately melodic and a joy to hear or read in any context.<br /><br />It's hard to describe the story without inferring subtext.  But the point is that this film is for those that enjoy modern translations of Shakespeare - this is full of great actors, beautiful cinematic scenes, and well t
etter idea of the rhythm of their lives, but not really a better idea of how they live or why they live that way. I see the attraction of the focused lifestyle, but year after year. Wow. The movie is hard to describe. The movie consists of a collection of different snapshots of the lives of the monks, I think using the rhythm of the prayer times and the seasons to pull the snapshots all together. There isn't a na
purged via a show trial.  The trial and its aftermath provide the conclusion to the movie.  As in most well-made `farces' the conclusion is not just funny but also thought provoking.<br /><br />It is hard to describe how funny this film is. Kallai's acting brings Pelikan to life.  His acting is very visual and that more than makes up for the fact the dialogue is in subtitles.  Pelikan's visual reactions to the ev
n 1080p High Definition, we get a 7.1 DTS-HD Master Audio lossless soundtrack which sounds incredible!  Just the fact that the film looks and sounds better is significant.  The colors just pop!  It's hard to describe of how awesome this film looks on Blu-ray compared to previous video releases.  In the past, there was always this dreamy, hazy look to the film.  Though it was colorful, I have always thought that w
ll that said I really liked this and the acting was fantastic. Patton Oswalt was great in this and I hope he gets more work like this character. I recommend this, but unless you have seen "Juno" it's hard to describe the comedy. Overall, a really good comedy that makes you laugh but feels weird when you do. I give it an A-.
those who have not read the novel will probably not understand its significance.  Then the movie ends.<br /><br />Yet another highlight of this movie is its music.  In a word, it's--beautiful.  It is hard to describe but I might call it "quiet new age."  This music seems to heighten the emotion experienced in each scene.<br /><br />Finally, you don't have to read the novel to understand this movie.  However, if y
review/text: I found this to be a different movie, hard to describe. Their is the young, impulsive love affair, October and Harlin (ed norton). With that, comes the struggle with the father figure Wade (david morse). Also in the mix is Harlin's relationship with the 
 boasts incredible animation, atmosphere and creativity. Ghost in a shell also has a very crisp and clear sound track and digital effects. <p>GS is quite an interesting movie, which is actually quite hard to describe plotwise without going two pages long :)<br />Its basically the matrix of anime, which has probably been said enough times to be a cliche.<br />Anyhow, be sure to catch this one, it'll be worth youre
itchcock. Hitch himself was disappointed with the film and later noted that "it's just another manhunt story wrapped in pseudo-psychology".<br /><br />The story is so confused and confusing that it's hard to describe. Gregory Peck (1916-2003) plays a doctor suffering from amnesia who impersonates another doctor who turns out to be a man whom Peck thinks he killed, but in fact it's the old doctor (Leo G. Carroll) 
e unrestored film stock copied for this edition.<br /><br />Beyond the emulsion's natural grain, the celluloid used by this white label outfit seems to have lost a bit of transparency. Thus there's a hard to describe faint north/south cloudiness that can almost be seen to move with the 24 fps advancement of the film.<br /><br />Dirt spots and white drop-out flecks occur during early reel changes. At such times th
ll understand. For months I was afraid this film would never see the light of day. Disney finally released it last spring to little fanfare, although I managed to catch it, and I dug it a lot.<p>It's hard to describe the twisting, meandering plot -- Tim Allen is an ad exec whose son has to shoot a girl he has a crush on with a water pistol, not knowing that a couple of bumbling hitmen are targeting her stepfather
review/text: This movie is hard to describe.  It's so funny, it puts me in tears, but it's not a typical comedy like Office Space or Anchorman or Billy Madison or whatever.  I think what strikes me about this movie is that it is so real.  The 
nd care about him. Orlando Bloom was perfect as the wimpy and arrogant Paris that you loved to hate. But the showstopper performance would have to go to Eric Bana in his flawless role as Hector. It's hard to describe, you just have to see it.<br /><br />The best scene of the entire movie is the showdown between Achilles and Hector because Peterson directed it in a such a way that the tension is palpable. Also the
 /><br />This is Nimoy's motion picture directorial debut, and he performs solidly enough, though there are a few moments here and there where it simply feels like there's something ... missing. It's hard to describe.<br /><br />That's not to say it isn't worth a watch. If you plan on seeing Star Treks II and IV, this is a must see. But there are also some scenes that are just superbly done. The scene breaking Mc
review/text: THis movie is nuts. There is so much going on here it's hard to describe. A great story coupled witha fantastic cast makes this one of my favorite movies. It's basically a 70's slapstick movie, and if you like those you will love this. Movies such as &quot;the great Race,
review/text: It's hard to describe what this is about, except that the writing and acting hold one's attention, and we are drawn into the world of life in an extremely small town  on the prairie as it might be in a pleasant dream, wit
e unrestored film stock copied for this edition.<br /><br />Beyond the emulsion's natural grain, the celluloid used by this white label outfit seems to have lost a bit of transparency. Thus there's a hard to describe faint north/south cloudiness that can almost be seen to move with the 24 fps advancement of the film.<br /><br />Dirt spots and white drop-out flecks occur during early reel changes. At such times th
review/text: Much like Lawrence Kasdan's The Big Chill, Still Walking is hard to describe in a single logline.  While it is a family drama that unfolds mostly during the anniversary of the death of the family's eldest son, that's a little like saying that the Big Chill takes place at a fu
review/text: It's hard to describe what this is about, except that the writing and acting hold one's attention, and we are drawn into the world of life in an extremely small town  on the prairie as it might be in a pleasant dream, wit
ve watched most, if not all of his standup performances available on video, and this one is truly the best. Richard is crude and raunchy, but he speaks the truth that we never talk about! It's really hard to describe how funny this DVD is, because they was just so much material that spanned a lot of subjects. Some of my favorites include Richard's bit about the woods, including a deer and a bear as well his bit a
review/text: Audrey Hepburn is Holly Golightly. There is and was only one. It is hard to describe the attraction of this film, yet it still captivates me every time I view it. I think it has something to do with the time and place when it was made, a carefree time that exists no longer and a time
review/text: It's hard to describe to people who are either under the age of 28 or over the age of 38 why this movie is one of the best ever made.  This movie is more dear to me and truly describes my childhood more than any other 80'
ce after (The End Of The World) it's dark but has the action you expect. It centers around the bible but isn't what you might think, it didn't take away from the Movie or over power it. The ending is hard to describe so I won't, I liked it. Everyone takes it a little different. I don't think anyone would be disappointed with this Movie.
review/text: Well it's kind of hard to describe this film. It's such a mix of elements that you can't really categorize it. On the one hand it's a romance with great chemistry between Elisabeth Shue and Val Kilmer. On the other hand  it's and acti
 an idea.  I will show that idea - have it remain static in the frame for an uncomfortable amount of time so that the very slow (donkeys?) can absorb it, then move on to my next plodding idea."  It's hard to describe, and perhaps you would have had to have seen a large number of bad student projects to recognize the technique.  But about an hour into the movie you are hoping that somebody involved can get out and
equent investigation, it is unfortunate that absolutely everything about this movie is WRONG:<br /><br />*Perhaps 10-15 minutes of the 2 hour-plus film deals with the Black Dahlia, the rest is, well, hard to describe...but the word "camp" does come to mind.  The Black Dahlia herself is sadly virtually ignored here, as is any relation to actual events or reality. This is an incredibly mean-spirited and vicious mis
good time chewing the scenery and overacting to extreme levels.<br /><br />Of course, that also means that like other reviewers have noted, there are a few scenes that just fall flat.<br /><br />It's hard to describe this movie and in many ways harder to rate it.  Even in the extra about the movie the one director admits that four different men directed different segments, there were rewrites up to the last minut
like Napoleon Dynamite in that it's not a movie for everyone.  It's violent but in a cartoonish way.  Also, it is subtitled and I know some people don't want to have to read subtitles.  It's honestly hard to describe.  It is a kung fu movie and a comedyand a love story and a morality play and a live action cartoon all in one.  It's one of those movies that you will either love or you'll hate.  I loved it!
e decides to choose another, resulting in similar scenarios.  Obviously this is a visual gag, so much will be lost reading about it here.  There's so much overall nuttiness going on in this film it's hard to describe it, but if you dig on zany Three Stooges antics, you'll probably enjoy this feature.  Hardcore film fans may also get a kick out of the film as there's plenty of references to other films, in particu
review/text: Comfort and Joy (Bill Forsyth, 1984)<br /><br />It's kind of hard to describe the appeal of Bill Forsyth's fourth (yes, there was one before Gregory's Girl) feature film, Comfort and Joy, without sounding like a raving lunatic. Not that that's ever stopped me before. A popular
s in the city are the best, IMO.  The water fountain is REALLY stunning; the falling snow is pure, reminiscent bliss.  The coloring is great and realistic, but somehow surreal at the same time.  It's hard to describe, really.  Maybe it's the lighting or something...<br /><br />The music is really good as usual.  There are lots of slow, melodic tunes to fill the course of the series.  Someone else already pointed 
e thing is actually one that's intentional involving ex-Monkee Mickey Dolenz.<br /><br />The effects are the standard SyFy channel poorly done CGI that we've all come to expect from them. I mean it's hard to describe just how bad these are done. I'm assuming that some 13 year old with a PC that's older than he is worked hard to make these graphics but he still needs to work on them. Is it any wonder that people m
slightly irritating.  He was very expressive, which is the most important thing in recitative, but he could be a little too free with the notes, even to my taste.  What he did was rather strange, and hard to describe:  I suppose you would just have to hear it, but he would drop into very low speech.  To me, it actually sounded like someone speaking Spanish...but that really is just a quibble.<br /><br />Miah Pers
 Ricci compensates for this dismal experience. And it will also appeal to, or not adversely affect, aficionados of torture porn, which  this repulsive piece of junk queasily resembles. Although it is hard to describe without giving away the fairly obvious "twist," "After.life" tells the story of a deranged mortuary director (Neeson) who speaks to the not-yet-dead as they are about to take that great leap into the
so take a look at this. The opening starts out with a pretty good and mysterious song, along with beautifully animated sequences. What I like best is how they end each episode, thought it's extremely hard to describe because you have to see it for yourself to believe me. Near the end, the ending song starts blending in, and then you get these sudden shifts of views which basically makes me want to watch the next 
e as Maxxx Robinson, the adult film director who threatens to ruin Young's life.  Matt Stone steals every scene he is in, but his role should be seen and not discussed (especially since it is sort of hard to describe).  Let us not forget Sancho; what can you say about Sancho except that, well, he is Sancho.  There are also, I should mention, some actual adult film stars in this film - including Ron Jeremy, who is
e as Maxxx Robinson, the adult film director who threatens to ruin Young's life.  Matt Stone steals every scene he is in, but his role should be seen and not discussed (especially since it is sort of hard to describe).  Let us not forget Sancho; what can you say about Sancho except that, well, he is Sancho.  There are also, I should mention, some actual adult film stars in this film - including Ron Jeremy, who is
e Juliet Stevenson gives us some very individual characters that only add to the enjoyable goings-on.<br />Fine direction from veteran Istvan Szabo helps to maintain a steady period sensibility. It's hard to describe to cleverness without giving away essential plot points, but I enjoyed it very much, and am still in awe of Ms. Bening's achievement.<br />She keeps losing Oscars to Hilary Swank, but given more grea
of architecture to the human body..<br />The strange thought provoking nature of this film combined with the striking visuals make it all very satisfying - and at the same time a puzzle which is very hard to describe... It certainly has made me curious to check out more of greenaway's films...
review/text: It's hard to describe what I felt about this movie. It sort of redefined what normal society thinks of love. The ideologies about love in modern society would never accept this sort of relationship. But this movie gave a 
 emotion with the Bride, Bill, and B.B., any film lover will relish the opportunity to watch and rewatch this as a classic.  The final act at Bill's place feels so classic and surreal, it's just very hard to describe.  The wide variety of emotions, from anger and longing to love and regret, combined with fantastic Tarantino dialogue and some quick bursts of action, all come together to create an immortal moment i
review/text: The first time I saw this movie was on Lifetime TV and I almost changed the channel, but something about the description of the movie caught my eye.  Its hard to describe the movie without giving away the full plot, but I love how its set out.  Its well worth getting, and it will probably be back on TV pretty soon.  Check out lifetimetv.com to see when.
story.  A man, who was traumatized as a boy by seeing his mother getting laid by old st. Nick, grows up into believing he is the real, better Santa Clause and can bring good to the world.  Its almost hard to describe exactly what makes this movie so good or what makes this movie so scary.  You really have to see it to believe it.  It takes you on a journey into the mind of a mentally disturbed individual while sh
review/text: Any Given Sunday (DVD) is a &quot;pro&quot; football film experience that is hard to describe in typed words. I have watched it many times and affirm that it really gets one &quot;ready for some football&quot;. The story is a collection of mini-stories, all woven into the tapestry of professi
er and better and better as the seasons go by (on almost every level) and the total "semi-unintended-corny-camp value" bizarrely adds another level of entertainment to the whole package. It really is hard to describe but I told a straight girl-friend of mine about it and (since she shares an appreciation for totally bad tv) she wanted to borrow it. She LOVES it, too, and in fact, is having a hard time getting thr
t an American guerrilla group led by one Lt Aldo Raine (Brad Pitt), who offers one of the most hilarious moments in the film when he speaks Italian with a very thick Tennessee accent.<br /><br />It's hard to describe the plot without giving away huge parts of the movie. Suffice to say the Basterds are sent across enemy lines to wreak havoc against the Nazis (which they do rather graphically). Meantime the Jew Hun
 is the fourth installment of the legendary animated show from Cartoon Network's Adult Swim, well maybe it's not legendary exactly but it is for fans of the show like me.  Anyway, a show like this is hard to describe but suffice it to say a whole lot of hilarity ensues.<br /><br />  The show is based on the adventures of Master Shake, Frylock and Meatwad, a talking Milkshake, Box of French fries with laser eyes a
make sense, that didnt' quite fit Obama's history. This connects the loose ends. The research done is deep, not sure how the author found all this.<br /><br />You have to see the whole video, and its hard to describe it to someone who has no background info on this. But you will be amazed if you just sit down and let it soak in. This is like the missing middle puzzle piece that makes all the other pieces fit. Thi
review/text: This was so far ahead of its time that it is hard to describe.  Ic an see a bunch of stuff from STarwars in this.  The way the Robo-cops act is like the robots in Starwars... etc.<br /><br />Buy it!
s enjoyed futuristic Sci-Fi - Do not really remember if it appeared in comic form.<br /><br />Have yet to look at disc 2 -- have thoroughly enjoyed the actors concept of their characters - it is very hard to describe the feelings invocked upon seeing that ugly old Alien Queen - the nasty Company that wanted the Alien alive - no matter who has to die in the meantime.<br /><br />Oh Yeah! those guys were in for the 
 It finally hit me one night at blockbuster what I had been neglecting throughout my teenage years, rented Alien and brought it back to my dorm to the delight of my college buddies.<br /><br />  It's hard to describe the terror and tension Ridley Scott creates in this film.  The facehugger and chestburster scenes are truly the stuff nightmares are made of, the kinds of things that make you wake up yelling and swe
find myself looking away or feeling generally repulsed. but there's something shockingly correct about this film in particular and the perspective it shines on this home-model that is pure bs anyway. hard to describe the film, but i recommend it
poke of how the Aztecs were not the first group to have significant presence in what is now Mexico City.<br /><br />In all fairness, the narrator admitted that Native American tribes were diverse and hard to describe as a unitary group.  Still, when they spoke of tipis and buffalo, and showed men in feathered headdresses, I thought the work focused on the Lakota more than other groups.  First Nations people of Ca
 between two individuals cuts to a second set of characters fighting. These two are momentarily seperated and one of the combatants from the first fight stumbles backwards between them. In print it's hard to describe, but on film it brings a sense of connection to scenes that are really utter chaos. It allows the action to go non-stop without boring or confusing the viewer. And that makes the chaos so much more d
>Based on the Cormac McCarthy novel, the Coens do a good job of adapting his material to film. (Much better than Billy Bob did in the past, at least.) It's certainly an odd film to watch (and equally hard to describe), but a powerful one nonetheless. The use of silence in the movie is a testament to how well the Coens understand their craft; rarely do you see any film using silence to this degree pull it off so d
them - the reason is much more banal and it sets up a shoot-it-out, chase-em-down final scene. References to Point Break, every western you have ever watched, and even Matrix movies.<br /><br />It is hard to describe this movie except to say this is as unique as Guy Ritchies Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels is - but in different ways. This is a laugh from start to finish. I will never be able to drinnk decaffi
them - the reason is much more banal and it sets up a shoot-it-out, chase-em-down final scene. References to Point Break, every western you have ever watched, and even Matrix movies.<br /><br />It is hard to describe this movie except to say this is as unique as Guy Ritchies Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels is - but in different ways. This is a laugh from start to finish. I will never be able to drinnk decaffi
them - the reason is much more banal and it sets up a shoot-it-out, chase-em-down final scene. References to Point Break, every western you have ever watched, and even Matrix movies.<br /><br />It is hard to describe this movie except to say this is as unique as Guy Ritchies Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels is - but in different ways. This is a laugh from start to finish. I will never be able to drinnk decaffi
review/text: It's hard to describe `Romance and Cigarettes' without sounding weird or schmaltzy, but it's a rock solid romantic comedy that's driven by its offbeat dialogue and characters.  Produced by the Coen Brothers, but directed 
e unrestored film stock copied for this edition.<br /><br />Beyond the emulsion's natural grain, the celluloid used by this white label outfit seems to have lost a bit of transparency. Thus there's a hard to describe faint north/south cloudiness that can almost be seen to move with the 24 fps advancement of the film.<br /><br />Dirt spots and white drop-out flecks occur during early reel changes. At such times th
n 1080p High Definition, we get a 7.1 DTS-HD Master Audio lossless soundtrack which sounds incredible!  Just the fact that the film looks and sounds better is significant.  The colors just pop!  It's hard to describe of how awesome this film looks on Blu-ray compared to previous video releases.  In the past, there was always this dreamy, hazy look to the film.  Though it was colorful, I have always thought that w
ewer is accustomed to it, it ends up adding to the surreal and mysterious atmosphere.  I really don't think the movie would have had as strong an effect if it had been in colour.<p>In any case, it is hard to describe how perfect this movie was, how well the plot fit together, that amazing feeling I got while watching it as everything began to fit into place... Just go see it!
 emotion with the Bride, Bill, and B.B., any film lover will relish the opportunity to watch and rewatch this as a classic.  The final act at Bill's place feels so classic and surreal, it's just very hard to describe.  The wide variety of emotions, from anger and longing to love and regret, combined with fantastic Tarantino dialogue and some quick bursts of action, all come together to create an immortal moment i
review/text: Imagine a Kurosawa film with hip-hop attitude (thanks in part to the absolutely fantastic soundtrack by RZA).  I found it hard to describe for friends in terms of genres; it moves far too slow for an action movie, too much violence and death for a character study; further confused by infrequent touches of comic genius;  it comes off on 
review/text: That's the only way to describe this hard to describe film.  Pitt is good, but not great.  Forlani is a welcome site.  Anthony Hopkins deserves the kudos.<p>I saw this film not knowing what to expect.  I wasn't  disappointed.  Pitt's sudden demise early
review/text: It's hard to describe `Romance and Cigarettes' without sounding weird or schmaltzy, but it's a rock solid romantic comedy that's driven by its offbeat dialogue and characters.  Produced by the Coen Brothers, but directed 
review/text: This is my favourite American film of all time. The imagery, acting, soundtrack, all were flawless. It's hard to describe what I found so appealing, you'd really have to see it.<br />Unlike many drug movies, you'd notice how nothing is glamourised, just strikingly honest. There are real consequences for everyone. The ma
n Brothers, ADVidnotes, commentaries with Nabeshin & Haruka (Technician) and Nabeshin and Matsuzaki Shingeru (Japanese voice of Hideki) and roots of NDB insert.<br /><br />"Nerima Daikon Brothers" is hard to describe in words but if your like me and enjoy anime, musicals and a lot of perverted humor, this one is definitely for you!
review/text: Audrey Hepburn is Holly Golightly. There is and was only one. It is hard to describe the attraction of this film, yet it still captivates me every time I view it. I think it has something to do with the time and place when it was made, a carefree time that exists no longer and a time
e). People ride these currents on futuristic surfboards and (you guessed it) Giant Robots. (: Of course, the robot designs are by Shoji Kawamori, so of COURSE they transform :)<br /><br />The plot is hard to describe because it's kind of hidden from the start. We get the generic pathetic kid wants to escape his boring reality and finds himself thrown into high adventure with a mysterious young woman leading the w
review/text: This movie was somewhat disturbing in it's realism.  Curse words were few, so it wasn't that.  It will make you think and challenge your beliefs.  It is challenging and hard to describe.  It is a true story and so is valuable for learning.  The man it is about is a very controversial figure.  Some people nearly worship him, and others can hardly stand him and try to discredit everyt
about who he is and what he does. Suffice to say that in modern times he'd have big hair, a bad suit and the ability to cry/plead for money on cue whenever a TV camera is on him.<br /><br />It's very hard to describe this movie beyond what I've said, at least as far as the plot goes. The cinematography is mind-blowing and the music is... well, effective. There's a weird sound that plays over the soundtrack from t
ish dubbed anime such as in Hell Girl, Code Geass, and DN Angel (especially DN Angel), it just doesn't seem to do a good enough job in providing emotional appeal than the Japanese version.  I find it hard to describe in words, but there just something about the subbed version that makes me more empathetic to the characters.  Nagisa, the heroine of this anime, has a japanese voice that is cute and calm.  Although 
ctors. The odd sound effects, and the fact that a large part of the story happens overnight, adds to it all. Just look at the scenery, even in the daylight shots.<br /><br />It's a bizarre film, it's hard to describe, and all I can say, is you have to see it for yourself to see what is meant here. John Belushi plays the straight man to Dan Aykroyd's lunatic, and even though Aykroyd's and Cathy Moriarty's characte
review/text: This movie is visually stunning but it is not intended for those who need constant action.  After a confusing start this movie bloomed into something incredible.  Really hard to describe in words it had such strong spiritual overtones than anyone who has faith will feel more enlightened.<br /><br />This journey begins in 1500 A.D. as the main character is a Spaniard in Ancient Mexico
flat.<br /><br />A slow moving period piece that is sometimes dramatic, sometimes delightful, sometimes intense, sometimes deliberate, sometimes too sensual, and sometimes...well...almost off?!  It's hard to describe, that although I really enjoyed this film and will buy the DVD when it's out, there was some missing element from this film.  It was gorgeous.  It was well-acted, and fairly well-written.  It was wel
flat.<br /><br />A slow moving period piece that is sometimes dramatic, sometimes delightful, sometimes intense, sometimes deliberate, sometimes too sensual, and sometimes...well...almost off?!  It's hard to describe, that although I really enjoyed this film and will buy the DVD when it's out, there was some missing element from this film.  It was gorgeous.  It was well-acted, and fairly well-written.  It was wel
 upcoming play.  She has the tools to be the good half of the Swan Queen but the instructor played by Vincent Cassell is skeptical about Nina's ability to be dark and seductive.  But beyond that it's hard to describe what exactly is going on because it's a very intriguing yet difficult movie to understand and on top of that can take on many different interpretations.  What some people believe is nothing more than
review/text: For me, paprika film was a reccomendation from a close friend, a not so hard core fan of anime, but still a good films lover. Not many words about it. It's hard to describe what's all about with Paprika without being a plot spoiler, but if yoou liked Inception you will definitely like Paprika. It's all about dreaming, and trying to find out what a dream means... and som
review/text: I was able to watch the beginning of this film but I couldn't finish the rest and I finally got to see it.  I can only say that this film is a crazy wild ride.  Very hard to describe but you'll be amazed if you like sci-fi films.  I agree that Hollywood would never make such a daring film, not because of the money, but because of the creativity needed to create something like thi
review/text: This is one of my favorite movies by Mr. Campbell. It is very similar to quite a few SiFi/Horror flicks of the early and mid sixties. It is hard to describe the fun parts of this movie without going into details and giving some of the good bits away. It is funny only in that special way Mr. Campbell has of making something dark laughable. If you are a fa
review/text: This is one of my favorite movies by Mr. Campbell. It is very similar to quite a few SiFi/Horror flicks of the early and mid sixties. It is hard to describe the fun parts of this movie without going into details and giving some of the good bits away. It is funny only in that special way Mr. Campbell has of making something dark laughable. If you are a fa
review/text: This is one of my favorite movies by Mr. Campbell. It is very similar to quite a few SiFi/Horror flicks of the early and mid sixties. It is hard to describe the fun parts of this movie without going into details and giving some of the good bits away. It is funny only in that special way Mr. Campbell has of making something dark laughable. If you are a fa
review/text: This is one of my favorite movies by Mr. Campbell. It is very similar to quite a few SiFi/Horror flicks of the early and mid sixties. It is hard to describe the fun parts of this movie without going into details and giving some of the good bits away. It is funny only in that special way Mr. Campbell has of making something dark laughable. If you are a fa
 can look at the films in this collection and lay any blame or applause entirely at the feet of Charles Chaplin, and that circumstance is as unique as Chaplin the artist himself.<br /><br />It's very hard to describe this excellent set in the context of Chaplin's genius and his evolution as a film maker, because the films are separated from one another by quite large time intervals and interim films that are in v
n 1080p High Definition, we get a 7.1 DTS-HD Master Audio lossless soundtrack which sounds incredible!  Just the fact that the film looks and sounds better is significant.  The colors just pop!  It's hard to describe of how awesome this film looks on Blu-ray compared to previous video releases.  In the past, there was always this dreamy, hazy look to the film.  Though it was colorful, I have always thought that w
 can look at the films in this collection and lay any blame or applause entirely at the feet of Charles Chaplin, and that circumstance is as unique as Chaplin the artist himself.<br /><br />It's very hard to describe this excellent set in the context of Chaplin's genius and his evolution as a film maker, because the films are separated from one another by quite large time intervals and interim films that are in v
review/text: I really enjoyed this movie. I have not seen many Steve McQueen movies to date, but I hope to see more now. Frank Keller won an Oscar for editing for "Bullitt" and I can see why. It's hard to describe what makes great editing, but you know it when you see it. Sometimes a shot will go on a bit longer than you expect it to, and, after viewing the shot, you realize how effective it was. There are sev
e; this is NOT a science fiction movie at heart, but an intense and accurate look at humanity.<br /><br />So accurate, really, that it makes me feel like a new person  after every time I see it; it's hard to describe, but it's as if for a brief period of time, I see everything in the world clearly and know exactly where my role is.<br /><br />Everything in this movie actually DOES make sense. I've watched it thre
itchcock. Hitch himself was disappointed with the film and later noted that "it's just another manhunt story wrapped in pseudo-psychology".<br /><br />The story is so confused and confusing that it's hard to describe. Gregory Peck (1916-2003) plays a doctor suffering from amnesia who impersonates another doctor who turns out to be a man whom Peck thinks he killed, but in fact it's the old doctor (Leo G. Carroll) 
review/text: It's hard to describe how much I enjoyed this film.  Especially without sounding trite.  But "Ink" is undeniably exquisite.  The story it tells, the themes it brings in, the visuals, the soundtrack... everything is so poi
Ink I was not repulsed. One of the most interesting and moving movies I have seen in a long time. I hate using the term brilliant because it's vastly overused however I think this one case where it's hard to describe it in any other way. The acting is decent for such a low budget movie, the story is incredibly original, the cinematography is excellent and the visual effects rival anything that a big budget Hollyw
review/text: Well, this movie is a bit hard to describe.  Any Muppet Show fans out there?  There are many paralells, which I will get to in a moment, but imagine the muppet show from the aniti-matter dimension and you'll start to get the picture.<br /><br
is brilliant in his triple role as the U.S. President, Dr. Strangelove, and Mandrake. George C. Scott also tops the cake in his over-the-top caricature of the Pattonesque General Buck Turgidson. It's hard to describe all of the nuances of this film on such a short review: you have to see it for yourself. Although the film will certainly have more of an impact on those who are old enough to remember the Cold War a
r. This is not toilet humor. This is dark political humor that's incredibly ironic and satirical. There are so many classic scenes ("Be careful, Mr. President. I think he's drunk."), that it's simply hard to describe all of them in just one review. Straight to the point, this is one of Stanley Kubrick's greatest films, and one of the greatest comedies of all time. It has a great ensemble of actors (Sellers, Scott
review/text: I took my 7 year old son to see this movie today, and there was a point in the movie where I had "that feeling."  This is a feeling I don't often get watching a movie.  It is hard to describe it, but I know that the next time, and every other time I see that spot in the film, this thrill will return.  The last time I got that thrill was when I saw "Fellowship of the Ring," and I got to th
om from 1918 to 1939 before that light was extinguished by the invading Germans and then by the Soviets from 1945 until 1989. This movie is one of the best foreign films I have ever watched, but it's hard to describe the feelings you have when you watch the scene of the massacres.
 than that? The characters are also people you actually care about. Kurt Russell and Spader do an excellent job in the film. Overall, this film is another that to be seen to be believed. It really is hard to describe and has to be seen!
story.  A man, who was traumatized as a boy by seeing his mother getting laid by old st. Nick, grows up into believing he is the real, better Santa Clause and can bring good to the world.  Its almost hard to describe exactly what makes this movie so good or what makes this movie so scary.  You really have to see it to believe it.  It takes you on a journey into the mind of a mentally disturbed individual while sh
review/text: I found this to be a different movie, hard to describe. Their is the young, impulsive love affair, October and Harlin (ed norton). With that, comes the struggle with the father figure Wade (david morse). Also in the mix is Harlin's relationship with the 
review/text: I found this to be a different movie, hard to describe. Their is the young, impulsive love affair, October and Harlin (ed norton). With that, comes the struggle with the father figure Wade (david morse). Also in the mix is Harlin's relationship with the 
review/text: It is really hard to describe this movie, but I will try. According to Joseph Pistone, this movie is about 95% true. This movie is based on the experience of Joseph D. Pistone. In this movie he is played by Jonny Depp. Joseph wor
review/text: This was such a piece of [film] it's hard to describe.  I bought it based on the cover, thought I was getting a 'kung fu' flick, you know lots of choreographed fights, etc.  It was just a [bad] bunch of meaningless stuff strung together and called a mov
review/text: It is hard to describe MST3K, witty, funny, downright odd, and who was that fat chick anyways, other than the series bad person super stalking weirdo. The premise was insane, the characters campy, the acting horrific, the 
m starts with a gruesome murder, but quickly chops to clever cutting and pasting of a variety of scenes of black comedy, downright hilarity and impartial violence. I won't spoil the plot, but it's so hard to describe I think that'd be difficult anyway. This film doesn't have a twist in it's plot, rather the entire film is constructed of spins and contradictions that keep you guessing two paces behind the screenpl
review/text: Trees Lounge is hard to describe because it doesn't really stick to one specific genre.  The reason it doesn't stick to one specific genre is because it doesn't really do much of *anything*.  Plot development?  Yeah... if you wanna 
review/text: I really enjoyed this movie. I have not seen many Steve McQueen movies to date, but I hope to see more now. Frank Keller won an Oscar for editing for "Bullitt" and I can see why. It's hard to describe what makes great editing, but you know it when you see it. Sometimes a shot will go on a bit longer than you expect it to, and, after viewing the shot, you realize how effective it was. There are sev
ctacle crossed with _The Matrix_-style martial arts crossed with a truly frightening horror film. You're partway there. This was such a stylish, invigorating, over-the-top mix of genres. It really is hard to describe, but by all means, go and see it. It is perhaps the best movie I've seen since _The Matrix_, which I thought was an instant classic, and a movie I've watched over and over again, never tiring of. Thi
n 1080p High Definition, we get a 7.1 DTS-HD Master Audio lossless soundtrack which sounds incredible!  Just the fact that the film looks and sounds better is significant.  The colors just pop!  It's hard to describe of how awesome this film looks on Blu-ray compared to previous video releases.  In the past, there was always this dreamy, hazy look to the film.  Though it was colorful, I have always thought that w
m will give those with open minds a chance to see what life would have been like for one loyally serving in such a military to realize that there is only one solution and to be willing to act.  It is hard to describe Stauffenberg as a hero but after watching this true to life film, it is difficult not to as well.
review/text: DUDE! this movie was AWESOME! it was wicked funny but hard to describe. it was full of surprise and it was cool. u have to pay attention and follow along. U HAVE TO SEE THIS MOVIE!!! only one more thing to say.........................................SHIBBYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!
review/text: It is really hard to describe this movie, but I will try. According to Joseph Pistone, this movie is about 95% true. This movie is based on the experience of Joseph D. Pistone. In this movie he is played by Jonny Depp. Joseph wor
hat space into Neo and Smith getting it on in some way shape or form. The screenplay should have been revised from the start instead of plowing so much money into the Zion action sequence. It is very hard to describe what an utter disappointment this film was. It could possibly be one of worst mega-budget pictures ever made. Fans will feel downright conned. Those who are looking for popcorn fodder will probably f
vie from the first time I saw bits of it in the mid-seventies upon waking up mid-movie while it played on the late late show! For the longest time I didn't know what the movie was called and found it hard to describe it to people when I would try to find an answer. It was such and is still quite the twisted movie! This movie has committed to celluloid a very playful take on the Vampire saga. I wouldn't want to gi
ed to stay away from the slums, at all cost. Sr. Meirelles is to be commended for creating a world unto itself, so complex that the mind boggles; so brutal, I'm amazed that anyone remains alive. It's hard to describe the film, but its images are etched in my mind. Brilliant cinematography and editing draw you in and don't let go, even at over 2 hours. I have no problem with subtitles, but the narration and dialog
t comedy ever". (Yes, there are scenes that u normaly lough at, but u just cant!!!)<br />But this movie is far beyond the sickest, most horifiying and dsturbng movie ever. It is just something that hard to describe!<p>"Funny Games" of Michael Haneke is like "Happy Days" and "Reservoir Dogs" of Tarantino is like "Snow White" when compaired to Salo!!!<p>Technically directing and acting is superior. But there is m
viewer to the Rome of Julius Caesar, this is what we would see.  This series utterly captures the flavor of the Roman Empire of Caesar's time, with an attention to detail and superb direction that is hard to describe.  Most recreations of ancient Rome are products of Hollywood fancies.  This one is not.<br /><br />At first I was not enamored with the casting in this series, but by the time I had completed the fir
tman is meant to be more hidden.  Dont let those opinions stop you from watching this true work of art.  The film also has some great action scenes and a good chemistry between the actors.  Its quite hard to describe how incredible the film is.  I cant see how the original can ever be said to be better than this.
e, and of course the seduction - wonderful scenes, even if taken in isolation. Bowie and Deneuve, promising "forever," put an additional chill into the first scene of his coffin.<br /><br />I find it hard to describe this movie - the action is subdued but meaningful. The visual styling has subtlety, something I appreciate more after seeing other movies that lack it.<br /><br />I like this one. I have trouble sayi
review/text: This was so far ahead of its time that it is hard to describe.  Ic an see a bunch of stuff from STarwars in this.  The way the Robo-cops act is like the robots in Starwars... etc.<br /><br />Buy it!
review/text: THis movie is nuts. There is so much going on here it's hard to describe. A great story coupled witha fantastic cast makes this one of my favorite movies. It's basically a 70's slapstick movie, and if you like those you will love this. Movies such as &quot;the great Race,
review/text: this movie was so messed up from beginning to end. i didn't know what to expect after the opening scene. it's hard to describe the type of dysfunction this movie portrays, but if you have ever seen a crackhead in action arguing with another crackhead, then you might know what to expect. my friend told me about this one and i
review/text: This was such a piece of [film] it's hard to describe.  I bought it based on the cover, thought I was getting a 'kung fu' flick, you know lots of choreographed fights, etc.  It was just a [bad] bunch of meaningless stuff strung together and called a mov
review/text: I had the definite fortune of seeing this film for the first time as a midnight show in an actual theater many years ago. I'd been a Beatlemaniac for several years, and it is hard to describe the feeling of actually seeing and hearing live, moving Beatles after seeing b&w stills of the movie for years in magazines, etc.<br />This film remains staunchly in my top 10 movies of all time, bar
ery seven minutes they randomly cut to an old letter that consists of 3 unreadable sentences. Finally an hour into the movie they write 3 more lines of nonsense and cut to that for a few seconds. Its hard to describe, but this inane filler is worth the price of admission alone.<br />As I am writing this I think I am changing my opinion, if you are a fan of unintentional comedy you will love this nonsense. The onl
vie from the first time I saw bits of it in the mid-seventies upon waking up mid-movie while it played on the late late show! For the longest time I didn't know what the movie was called and found it hard to describe it to people when I would try to find an answer. It was such and is still quite the twisted movie! This movie has committed to celluloid a very playful take on the Vampire saga. I wouldn't want to gi
, starring Jake Gyllenhaal, Jamie Foxx, and Peter Sarsgaard, concerns a Marine Corps unit preparing to be deployed during the first Persian Gulf war in 1991. This movie fails on so many points, it is hard to describe where to begin. The script and story are inconsistent, murky, and unoriginal, with most of Jarhead's theme taken from earlier psychotic military epics such as Apocalypse Now and Full Metal Jacket. Th
ries, sugar plum fairies and intergalactic, Euro Ambiguou ballet interludes.<br /><br />The music is gorgeous, the feeling is timeless (though, it definitely has a late 1970s/early 1980s feel that is hard to describe). This production never fails to simultaneously transport and bewitch me into an almost ethereal haze.
review/text: It's hard to describe the gamut of situations and emotions this "comedy" provides. Yes, it is a dog picture. But it's also a thoughts-about-life picture, and there are a number of lives crossing paths here. Winn-Dixie is 
aintings and early computer graphics, the progressive sequence of art within them sneaks in the history of dialogue-free storytelling.<br /><br />ANIMATED? REALLY?<br /><br />The look of the movie is hard to describe. In one scene, when WALL-E and EVE are investigating a piece of bubble wrap, you can't tell it is an animated film. It actually appears to be live-action. Likewise, the outer space scenes have the sa
e; this is NOT a science fiction movie at heart, but an intense and accurate look at humanity.<br /><br />So accurate, really, that it makes me feel like a new person  after every time I see it; it's hard to describe, but it's as if for a brief period of time, I see everything in the world clearly and know exactly where my role is.<br /><br />Everything in this movie actually DOES make sense. I've watched it thre
review/text: Audrey Hepburn is Holly Golightly. There is and was only one. It is hard to describe the attraction of this film, yet it still captivates me every time I view it. I think it has something to do with the time and place when it was made, a carefree time that exists no longer and a time
, interesting and endearing than the initial impression gives.<br />Even the side characters like Tony the bodyguard come off as being very plausible, likable and multi-faceted.<br /><br />Fantastic, hard to describe experience.
 than that? The characters are also people you actually care about. Kurt Russell and Spader do an excellent job in the film. Overall, this film is another that to be seen to be believed. It really is hard to describe and has to be seen!
 but those that have seen it, say, &quot;Why wasn't this movie more popular?&quot; Maybe it was bad timing, or as some others suggested, just not correctly billed to the public.<p>Last Action Hero is hard to describe. It's funny, it's witty, with lots of those one-liners that Arnold became so popular with, and I loved the way he constantly poked fun at his fictional character as well as his &quot;real&quot; self.
review/text: I pretty much agree with ALL the reviewers here.  This is a bad cheesy movie which I enjoyed for some strange reason.  It's hard to describe, but this movie makes cheesy film-making an art form.  It probably is for nostalgics only, but who knows.  I saw it once when I was very young and it stuck in my mind until I accidentally stumbled ac
review/text: Audrey Hepburn is Holly Golightly. There is and was only one. It is hard to describe the attraction of this film, yet it still captivates me every time I view it. I think it has something to do with the time and place when it was made, a carefree time that exists no longer and a time
 not; only because the more you watch the more unbelievable it gets; the more you want it to end. Because it is so incredibly acted by all it's characters you really become engrossed in a way that is hard to describe. First, you can't believe that people could just do something so evil, so incredibly mean spirited- yet we know that happens every day.  People are missing every day; do you really think those people
review/text: That's the only way to describe this hard to describe film.  Pitt is good, but not great.  Forlani is a welcome site.  Anthony Hopkins deserves the kudos.<p>I saw this film not knowing what to expect.  I wasn't  disappointed.  Pitt's sudden demise early
ewer is accustomed to it, it ends up adding to the surreal and mysterious atmosphere.  I really don't think the movie would have had as strong an effect if it had been in colour.<p>In any case, it is hard to describe how perfect this movie was, how well the plot fit together, that amazing feeling I got while watching it as everything began to fit into place... Just go see it!
 boasts incredible animation, atmosphere and creativity. Ghost in a shell also has a very crisp and clear sound track and digital effects. <p>GS is quite an interesting movie, which is actually quite hard to describe plotwise without going two pages long :)<br />Its basically the matrix of anime, which has probably been said enough times to be a cliche.<br />Anyhow, be sure to catch this one, it'll be worth youre
review/text: This movie is visually stunning but it is not intended for those who need constant action.  After a confusing start this movie bloomed into something incredible.  Really hard to describe in words it had such strong spiritual overtones than anyone who has faith will feel more enlightened.<br /><br />This journey begins in 1500 A.D. as the main character is a Spaniard in Ancient Mexico
review/text: I love this movie. I'm sure you already know the basic plot, so I'll spare you a rehash. It is hard to describe how this movie just roped me in; It is a film of many emotions and layers; It was a pleasure to watch the events unfold in this modern fairy tale. Paul Giamatti was one of the main reasons this worke
family crosses the Canadian border into the US, pretending to be "on holidays" but really coming to work-- the movie is instead a blend of cheerful family comedy and buried grief.  It's a combination hard to describe but I can say this is EXACTLY the film to watch if you're struggling with tough times because it will make you smile and ALSO give you some perspective, without beating you up about it... (what many 
family crosses the Canadian border into the US, pretending to be "on holidays" but really coming to work-- the movie is instead a blend of cheerful family comedy and buried grief.  It's a combination hard to describe but I can say this is EXACTLY the film to watch if you're struggling with tough times because it will make you smile and ALSO give you some perspective, without beating you up about it... (what many 
review/text: It's is hard to describe this film in words!!! Everything about this film is amazing, stylish, and plainly eye candy with each action scene eclipsing the last. This film is based on the comic book series called "Sin City", a
formance as well. The opening sequence alone is worth a viewing  of this movie.  It is the greatest opening sequence I've ever seen, rivaled  only by the one from Raiders of the Lost Ark..maybe. It's hard to describe  with any one word. Watch this film and I think you will be hard put to find  another western that comes even close to being this suspenseful, moody, or  entertaining.
e, particular tale rather than the entirety), but the very offbeat, subversive, and darkly funny spirit appears not to have transferred over very well from the original material, in my opinion.  It's hard to describe unless you've actually had a chance to read the original stories, which I'd recommend, but the main characters of O.C. and Stiggs just came off as, well, mean spirited, smarmy a-holes who were almost
/>The cinematography is some of the most interesting ever.  Studying it could be the sole focus of an entire graduate film program, and they still not might be able to cover it in its entirety.  It's hard to describe the power of scenes like after Hoffman reveals to his girlfriend that her mother was the woman he was with.  As he walks away defeated, the camera pans out and the look in Mrs. Robinson's eyes says s
ing too expensive. Some of these strange vignettes work better than others, but all of them ring with a striking sadness about moving forward through life without all the proper pieces in place. It's hard to describe this movie accurately and without making it sound ridiculous, but afterward I felt like I'd seen something truly singular and special - and, despite the stark sadness of the themes, I still felt opti
gs in the world must balance.  Bruce Willis and Samuel L. Jackson both gave stellar performances in the primary roles.  I find myself at a loss for words (which happens infrequently) ... this film is hard to describe without giving away too much of the plot.  Willis portrays a man who can't be injured ... Jackson, a man who is very easily hurt physically.  The film has some childhood flashback scenes for both cha
, interesting and endearing than the initial impression gives.<br />Even the side characters like Tony the bodyguard come off as being very plausible, likable and multi-faceted.<br /><br />Fantastic, hard to describe experience.
n 1080p High Definition, we get a 7.1 DTS-HD Master Audio lossless soundtrack which sounds incredible!  Just the fact that the film looks and sounds better is significant.  The colors just pop!  It's hard to describe of how awesome this film looks on Blu-ray compared to previous video releases.  In the past, there was always this dreamy, hazy look to the film.  Though it was colorful, I have always thought that w
review/text: Wow, a powerfully moving drama with such an interesting art to it. This is hard to describe, but it follows a man who was a great admirer of a famous actress who has since left the stage. He is granted an interview and relives her famous movies, placing himself into them a the story unfolds
 Raimi drives everything with his unique direction that places the action somewhere between a horror and a cartoon. It has great camera work, frantic shots and a real flair for the unreal; it is very hard to describe but it can be seen it many of his films.<br /><br />Campbell's ongoing cult status has only been helped recently by Bubba Ho-tep but this is where it basically began and part II only sees his continu
 Raimi drives everything with his unique direction that places the action somewhere between a horror and a cartoon. It has great camera work, frantic shots and a real flair for the unreal; it is very hard to describe but it can be seen it many of his films.<br /><br />Campbell's ongoing cult status has only been helped recently by Bubba Ho-tep but this is where it basically began and part II only sees his continu
 with a control freak-esque local girl in a run-down flat in a northeastern college town, wouldn't it have been great if I'd lived with a bunch of cool people in Spain? Oh, well.<br /><br />I find it hard to describe what this movie is about, so I'll leave it to others who have no doubt done a fine job of detailing its quirky, thin-yet-rich plot. To say it depicts the inner landscape of a young Frenchman's evolvi
review/text: What is life like in a not too distant future? What we think is good today, can be barbaric tomorrow. It's hard to describe what this movie is about without giving the answer. You better see it to believe it.
ll, but the 70's version does an admirable job of putting a great story in a modern light.<p>Kong was a little too human for me compared to the original, but the 2nd version just has an appeal that's hard to describe.  The DVD cover immediately reminded me of all the fast food posters back in the 70's as this movie was very popular when it was released.  It remained popular in theaters and drive-ins for several y
review/text: It is hard to describe this movie other than to say it is full of very nice but predictable fight scenes. I'd say one of the only reasons to really watch it is for the amazing special effects seen in sub-zero's brother's i
were some great fight scenes, which Matt Damon was quite good in.  The plot was superb with very little/to no holes in it.  It was both intriguing and suspenseful and had and ambiance about it that's hard to describe.  The superb cinematography was partially responsible for this but what I think added to the feel and really brought this movie to life was the musical score!  It did everything a good score does.  I
review/text: It is hard to describe what Adam Kelly has captured in his film "The Tracy Arm Experience". It is truly one of a kind. He captures the sublime nature of calving glaciers. Kelly lets the viewer understand the natural beauty
nd care about him. Orlando Bloom was perfect as the wimpy and arrogant Paris that you loved to hate. But the showstopper performance would have to go to Eric Bana in his flawless role as Hector. It's hard to describe, you just have to see it.<br /><br />The best scene of the entire movie is the showdown between Achilles and Hector because Peterson directed it in a such a way that the tension is palpable. Also the
review/text: It is very hard to describe this film in any common terms.<p>This is not simply an ultra-fab rock n' roll romp nor is it a dry piece of youthful corruption and ambiguous art-nouveau. <p>Hedwig is a wildly fun and smirkingly cyn
s movie is so terrible... and I mean SO terrible, that you absolutely must see it. But if you see it, you must see it with a large group of people. The movie is so bad in so many ways that it will be hard to describe them, but I can try.<br /><br />The movie starts off with the most wild concept you can possibly imagine, or rather, the most wild concept that a 4th grader can possibly imagine, then sets it on the 
e, and of course the seduction - wonderful scenes, even if taken in isolation. Bowie and Deneuve, promising "forever," put an additional chill into the first scene of his coffin.<br /><br />I find it hard to describe this movie - the action is subdued but meaningful. The visual styling has subtlety, something I appreciate more after seeing other movies that lack it.<br /><br />I like this one. I have trouble sayi
review/text: I really enjoyed this movie. I have not seen many Steve McQueen movies to date, but I hope to see more now. Frank Keller won an Oscar for editing for "Bullitt" and I can see why. It's hard to describe what makes great editing, but you know it when you see it. Sometimes a shot will go on a bit longer than you expect it to, and, after viewing the shot, you realize how effective it was. There are sev
ctacle crossed with _The Matrix_-style martial arts crossed with a truly frightening horror film. You're partway there. This was such a stylish, invigorating, over-the-top mix of genres. It really is hard to describe, but by all means, go and see it. It is perhaps the best movie I've seen since _The Matrix_, which I thought was an instant classic, and a movie I've watched over and over again, never tiring of. Thi
he movie was great as well as the sounds effects were great also.<br /><br />the other con to the movie was the film angle of the zombies or how should i put it they zipped them in and out persay its hard to describe once you see the movie youll know what i mean.<br /><br />now the other con is the zombies themselves before i saw land of the dead i thought resident evil zombies were great and made perfect but whe
m with Resident Evil Apocalypse is that the camera views are awful.When you watch a fight seen you want to see the fight at a good angle and on many different angles.The views were so bad it's almost hard to describe them  but think about seeing a fight seen and the whole time the camera's focused on the person's chest the entire fight there's kicking and punching but you can't see much of the kicking or punching
 Hong Kong cinema ('boxer' is the closest word to what the Chinese use to describe a martial arts practitioner). The 'boxer's world' concept doesn't have a Western equivilent concept, and is a little hard to describe. Its basically that if you devote your whole life to martial arts and the pursuit of perfection in it, you have no time for 'real world' type of living. Its almost as if you have two different worlds
review/text: This movie is hard to describe.  Very enjoyable, not boring, not an average love story...just great.  Enjoy it!
mistreat the animal, and then Gappa's far from long-extinct parents show up to stomp around Japan for awhile in search of their little Gappa bundle of joy.  These monsters are rather unimpressive and hard to describe.  They can't decide if they want to fly, swim, or walk, and they have bird-like beaks and long, whip-enabled tails; I swear one of them has a fake beard, and the other one seems to adorn itself with 
review/text: First of all, don't catch this on tv.  Rent it or buy it so you can see the R rated version so the entire effect can be had from this extremely hard to describe movie.  Comedy, Horror, Urban Fairy Tale with a Moral?  You'll have to watch and figure out for yourself.  Personally I think there's all of the above in this movie but the Horror parts stick out the
ruders in a house that seems to never end.  Part haunted house yarn, part mad dog chase, and lets not forget "Flowers in the Attic" on acid, blend with a near zombie-like teenage movie.  The movie is hard to describe, but there isn't one nearly like it.  It is Wes Craven's most original work, and to cast a drag queen as the leading lady is so John Waters!  Also stars a young Ving Rhames, who now has gone full cir
 between two individuals cuts to a second set of characters fighting. These two are momentarily seperated and one of the combatants from the first fight stumbles backwards between them. In print it's hard to describe, but on film it brings a sense of connection to scenes that are really utter chaos. It allows the action to go non-stop without boring or confusing the viewer. And that makes the chaos so much more d
review/text: Wow, a powerfully moving drama with such an interesting art to it. This is hard to describe, but it follows a man who was a great admirer of a famous actress who has since left the stage. He is granted an interview and relives her famous movies, placing himself into them a the story unfolds
n 1080p High Definition, we get a 7.1 DTS-HD Master Audio lossless soundtrack which sounds incredible!  Just the fact that the film looks and sounds better is significant.  The colors just pop!  It's hard to describe of how awesome this film looks on Blu-ray compared to previous video releases.  In the past, there was always this dreamy, hazy look to the film.  Though it was colorful, I have always thought that w
review/text: They just don't make movies like this anymore.  Maybe because of a lack of great actors like Paul Newman, or maybe because it might not appeal to the main-stream audience.  This movie is hard to describe because so little happens in it, and yet, things are constantly going on.  It seemed a little sluggish to me, but, it kept me entertained at the same time.  Maybe it was made like that to demonstrate
 haunting with great light and shadow filming very atmospheric vampire film this Black and white film is better than most color vampire films it gives the film a very eerie feeling of quality that is hard to describe if you never seen this you are in for a treat see what a master film maker can do with a great horror movie this has to be one of the best horror films I have seen there are some nice classic horror 
review/text: It's hard to describe a movie like Simon Sez.  I think it's best to liken it to a train wreck: No matter how morbid, you just can't look away.  I find myself bizarrely attracted to this film.  It's just so....bad.  But th
s also one of those movies where the Making-Of doubles the value of the movie. Even having worked on the movie, people grasp for words to describe it. Commercialism is easy to describe. Creativity is hard to describe. What do you say when a world springs from someone's mind? Care to step inside?<br /><br />Ultimately, I have to state the measure of Mirrormask's originality: Its like nothing I've ever seen or hear
gence, the delightful weirdness, the astounding visual vocabulary. Except that in this case, the words are spoken by good actors, and all those visuals get up off their feet and move.<br /><br />It's hard to describe the impact of watching a McKean painting move and talk. There might be those who quibble about the movie looking too "animated," but of course that's exactly the point: to create a world and make it 
review/text: This film is uniquely beautiful, especially in high definition.  Its hard to describe it justly, but its almost a visual meditation - no narration or dialog, just a stream of consciousness showing scenes of nature and of mankind, both striking and beautiful.  Its quite a visual feast 
erwards that you truly experienced a global tour.<p>Baraka begins at a rather cautious pace, and as each scene passes by your vision, the intensity and depth slowly but steadily increases. It's a bit hard to describe, but I feel in a way that it causes the viewer to look inward at his/her own view of what the world is about and what life means. In a way, it compells you to ask yourself some deep questions. Make s
 acquire a Blu-ray player.". Most reviews before this date 10-30-08 are most likely for the DVD version. I have a 47 inch LG LCD 1080p tv and a brand new Panasonic DMP-DB35 Blu-ray disk player. It is hard to describe how good this movie looks on my TV. The movie has no dialog and is a series of scenes from around the world set to music. There is no computer animation in this movie but the movie was recorded on 65
review/text: The sublime goofiness of this movie is hard to describe; you really must see it for yourself.  But some of its virtues are:  it manages to be a classic farce, without ever seeming stylized; it showcases and celebrates the glorious music of the Romany peop
st completely dark throughout the film, but it makes for a most creepy of settings, and characters have the disarming tendency of sneaking up quietly behind one another out of the frame.  It's really hard to describe the sort of horror that builds up as characters develop the infection, but it's more than capable of spooking and quite possibly disgusting you.<br /><br />The ending leaves some questions unanswered
hen he flicks them. Could he be in a dream? If he is, what is the nature of this dream? What is its purpose? Where is it taking him? Most importantly, can he wake from it?<br /><br />The animation is hard to describe, which is a compliment really. In terms of motion, very often its realistic. As for shape, perspective, colors, facial experessions and such, you're only really shown a vague impression of what's the
hat space into Neo and Smith getting it on in some way shape or form. The screenplay should have been revised from the start instead of plowing so much money into the Zion action sequence. It is very hard to describe what an utter disappointment this film was. It could possibly be one of worst mega-budget pictures ever made. Fans will feel downright conned. Those who are looking for popcorn fodder will probably f
review/text: DUDE! this movie was AWESOME! it was wicked funny but hard to describe. it was full of surprise and it was cool. u have to pay attention and follow along. U HAVE TO SEE THIS MOVIE!!! only one more thing to say.........................................SHIBBYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!
 the DVD. Either that or my memory is too creative. I remember it as "hilarious". This time it gave me that interior smile.<br /><br />No quality issues with disc.<br /><br />Choose Me is an amazing, hard to describe film. It starts off surreal, then scary, then surprises you with a series of revelations and blends humor into the mix as the viewer is privy to the big picture but the characters are only reacting t
 really quick editing and brutal gore. But personally that's not scary, it's just gross. Saw 2 doesn't change this, even though it's admittedly good concept is intact.<br /><br />The Jigsaw Killer is hard to describe as a murderer since he doesn't actually do it, his victims do. Being someone who "saves people's lives", he devises ways where people have to do something painful in order to escape. Most of them don
review/text: DUDE! this movie was AWESOME! it was wicked funny but hard to describe. it was full of surprise and it was cool. u have to pay attention and follow along. U HAVE TO SEE THIS MOVIE!!! only one more thing to say.........................................SHIBBYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!
formance as well. The opening sequence alone is worth a viewing  of this movie.  It is the greatest opening sequence I've ever seen, rivaled  only by the one from Raiders of the Lost Ark..maybe. It's hard to describe  with any one word. Watch this film and I think you will be hard put to find  another western that comes even close to being this suspenseful, moody, or  entertaining.
rth&quot; garnered an unprecedented eight nominations for the Golden Raspberry Awards (the &quot;razzies&quot;).  Having sat through it myself, I can tell you, it is not hard to see why.  It's really hard to describe how incredibly abyssmal &quot;Battlefield Earth&quot; is.  It's a derivative, sloppy, shoddy, implausible nightmare of a film, a train wreck, a riot of bad acting from people who know better.  It's t
 on a stunningly bad performance that's pure comedy gold. He looks like the alien from the Predator films, and he seems to have a bad accent that sounds both American and British simultaneously (It's hard to describe, but you gotta hear it). Oh Forest Whitaker, what are you doing here? You also put on a bad performance, but sadly it's not comical like John Travolta's. For the most part, Barry Pepper is the only p
them - the reason is much more banal and it sets up a shoot-it-out, chase-em-down final scene. References to Point Break, every western you have ever watched, and even Matrix movies.<br /><br />It is hard to describe this movie except to say this is as unique as Guy Ritchies Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels is - but in different ways. This is a laugh from start to finish. I will never be able to drinnk decaffi
them - the reason is much more banal and it sets up a shoot-it-out, chase-em-down final scene. References to Point Break, every western you have ever watched, and even Matrix movies.<br /><br />It is hard to describe this movie except to say this is as unique as Guy Ritchies Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels is - but in different ways. This is a laugh from start to finish. I will never be able to drinnk decaffi
them - the reason is much more banal and it sets up a shoot-it-out, chase-em-down final scene. References to Point Break, every western you have ever watched, and even Matrix movies.<br /><br />It is hard to describe this movie except to say this is as unique as Guy Ritchies Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels is - but in different ways. This is a laugh from start to finish. I will never be able to drinnk decaffi
review/text: This film frightened me as a kid, when I first saw it on television, and the images stayed with me for a lifetime. There is a metaphor for pure evil in this film, although I find it hard to describe.<br /><br />The "bad alien" did not have to blast his ray gun at the woman in the swimming pool as she tried to get help. Skeletons don't swim, or float. They quietly sink to the bottom. Brrrrrrrrr!!
n 1080p High Definition, we get a 7.1 DTS-HD Master Audio lossless soundtrack which sounds incredible!  Just the fact that the film looks and sounds better is significant.  The colors just pop!  It's hard to describe of how awesome this film looks on Blu-ray compared to previous video releases.  In the past, there was always this dreamy, hazy look to the film.  Though it was colorful, I have always thought that w
/>The cinematography is some of the most interesting ever.  Studying it could be the sole focus of an entire graduate film program, and they still not might be able to cover it in its entirety.  It's hard to describe the power of scenes like after Hoffman reveals to his girlfriend that her mother was the woman he was with.  As he walks away defeated, the camera pans out and the look in Mrs. Robinson's eyes says s
ham), partners (but not the kind that "hold hands and take windy walks," as Turkish puts it) in running an illegal bare-knuckle boxing ring.<p>What follows is so fast-paced and intertwined that it is hard to describe it. [....] I loved this movie so much that I find it hard to keep it to a minimum when discussing it.  I haven't yet found a review that truly did it justice, and I'm sure I'm not doing much better. 
eams, which later appears to have a connection to a mysterious cult operating on campus, which has already caused the death of at least one student.<br /><br />Like most Greg Araki films, this one is hard to describe or classify.  It is equal parts a light romantic comedy, satire pointing out the fluid nature of sexuality,  murder mystery and story about an international conspiracy.  The story is intentionally fu
they are revealed in the entire ambience Hitch successfully creates: The dreamy settings entrance you and pull you into their spell; The film's key images haunt you long after the film is over. It is hard to describe the power Vertigo contains: It ought simply to be experienced; Let its themes and images and sounds wash over you.<p>When I am drawn back to the film, it is precisely because of that sense of yearnin
review/text: I bought both of his DVDs and gave them away and had to buy another set for my library. It is hard to describe how funny Dunham and his characters are.
e fairy leads her, turning into a green goblin creature, which speaks like Tinkerbell. She meets Fauno inside, who's hiding from the rest of the world, and is a mix of so many different animals, it's hard to describe. She then discovers she's actually a princess, and the princess's soul has been brought back through her. But she has to complete three challenges, in order to see if she belongs with the mortals or 
le their rebellious offspring. One can tell that Ruth and Diane have each touched the other in some meaningful way. This does not happen, however, before there have been some serious clashes.<p>It is hard to describe this film, as it is not a plot driven film. What little plot there is, is a bit implausible. It is just a highly unusual, character driven film, and the one who drives it is Barbara Hershey with a pe
review/text: It's hard to describe this movie - campy, yes, strange, definitely unsettling.  But it's the John Massari score that stands out for me.  I'm pleased to see that the soundtrack for Killer Klowns is now available.  It's wor
review/text: This film is so hard to describe to people.  It's such a beautiful work.  Every piece of film, every part of the soundtrack creates a uniform atmosphere which shifts from humor, awkwardness, sadness, and reflection.  There are so ma
m will give those with open minds a chance to see what life would have been like for one loyally serving in such a military to realize that there is only one solution and to be willing to act.  It is hard to describe Stauffenberg as a hero but after watching this true to life film, it is difficult not to as well.
was that the packaging. There should be a warning label,you know like yellow tape the police use at a "Crime Scene" wrapped around this one saying "Open With Extreme Caution".This Packaging is really hard to describe,but I'll give it a try.There are two hard plastic trays,each of which hold two disc that snap onto the trays.The problem here is that the trays are seperate from each other,and the disc are unprotect
ction thriller presents a different kind of movie; one that actually feels a bit different. Michael Mann this time brings a unique camera work that mixes documentary style with digital...it's kind of hard to describe, but it works, it gives the film a sort of "independent" filmmaking look. Unfortunately Mann would use this exact same technique on "Miami Vice" in which it looks atrocious.<br /><br />Collateral beg
to the point of being gory or pornographic, the film does "earn" its PG-13 rating.  Still, the film remains playful and inventive in its approach, somewhat like Pirates of the Caribbean, and would be hard to describe as offensive (my wife and I saw this together and both of us smiled through it).<br /><br />While the characters and story are lots of fun, the real delight in this picture is the animation.  It is e
s futuristic, with the first episode based on a Las Vegas-style moon and eventually moving to a futuristic Paris later on (though I haven't yet got there in my viewing). The animation style, which is hard to describe, follows its own rules and fits in well with the setting and story. It adds a lot to the atmosphere, as well.<br /><br />I'd recommend this to all Gonzo fans, as it will, I think, turn out to be one 
review/text: This movie is visually stunning but it is not intended for those who need constant action.  After a confusing start this movie bloomed into something incredible.  Really hard to describe in words it had such strong spiritual overtones than anyone who has faith will feel more enlightened.<br /><br />This journey begins in 1500 A.D. as the main character is a Spaniard in Ancient Mexico
review/text: One of those movies that is hard to describe.  Horror?  No, the violence, although gratuitous, is almost cartoonish.  There are scary moments, but the story is played more for the scary/funny theme. The story itself...well, not so deep, but ent
e, and of course the seduction - wonderful scenes, even if taken in isolation. Bowie and Deneuve, promising "forever," put an additional chill into the first scene of his coffin.<br /><br />I find it hard to describe this movie - the action is subdued but meaningful. The visual styling has subtlety, something I appreciate more after seeing other movies that lack it.<br /><br />I like this one. I have trouble sayi
review/text: Today, it is probably hard to describe how brilliant "Phantasm" seemed in its year of release:  quite simply, there was nothing else like it in the American cinema.  "Phantasm" is literally a dream put on film; the fact that Don Coscarell
ves nearby with his wife Susanne (Ursula Strauss).<br /><br />It's hard to give an accurate description of what this film is about without mentioning the latter half of the film. With that said, it's hard to describe the latter half of the film without spoiling the first half but I've done my best above. To tread carefully again, Revanche is a "crime-thriller" with two characters experiencing different kinds of g
e Death Of Superman," one never quite feels the tension. Worse, how Superman comes back from the "dead" was not very creative at all. The explanation was just way too convenient.<br /><br />I find it hard to describe this as a "movie." First, it looked nothing different from the regular animated series on tv, except the awkward need to add cheeckbones to the characters' faces. The same lazy animation of boxy face
review/text: It's hard to describe the feelings this picture inspires. James Fenimore Cooper's book was one classic I read a couple of times when I was a teenager. The archaic English and the possible improbability of the story never 
nce by Craig Bierko who is cute but quite believable as a cutthroat murderer.<br /><br />The music on this film is also good. Part of why I liked it so much is the 70's/80's songs that are used. It's hard to describe the songs, but they just fit really well with this movie.<br /><br />The Long Kiss Goodnight is great fun because it's actually FUNNY.  The humor is intelligent. It's not like some action films where
 her other siblings, Peter, Susan and Edmund and actually get caught up in a war: Narnians versus those loyal to the evil White Witch. And helping them out is the almighty lion Aslan.<br /><br />It's hard to describe Narnia(or Lord of the Rings or Harry Potter for that matter) without saying stuff like almighty, magical and whatnot but the nice thing about the film is that it doesn't over explain too much. One pr
review/text: I'm an avid fan of fantasy, and while it's been a number of years, I remember having the book read to me in elementary school.  The film brings to life a certain enchantment that's hard to describe in words.  The music and the assortment of Narnia's characters are the definite working charms here.  That being said, I have one major complaint: this would have been much better had it been produce
uff that is nearly impossible to put into one genre and leave it there - Brisco County is hard to nail down. I suppose that's part of it's appeal.. but I have so many good memories of this show it is hard to describe why.<br />And it has Bruce. We *LOVE* Bruce. 'nuff said.<br />Either you get Brisco County, or you don't. If you get it, you love it, and if you don't... well, there's always reality TV and Friends r
 Hong Kong cinema ('boxer' is the closest word to what the Chinese use to describe a martial arts practitioner). The 'boxer's world' concept doesn't have a Western equivilent concept, and is a little hard to describe. Its basically that if you devote your whole life to martial arts and the pursuit of perfection in it, you have no time for 'real world' type of living. Its almost as if you have two different worlds
review/text: This movie is hard to describe.  Very enjoyable, not boring, not an average love story...just great.  Enjoy it!
o say much more as it may give too much away.<br /><br />Overall, a great movie.  I would have loved to have seen more Alec baldwin, but his character is very memorable in the movie.<br /><br />It is hard to describe, the movie was good but watched very much so like a play (which makes sense because it was based off of a play).<br /><br />I would say if you are into drama and liked Wall Street (the movie is about
 place. When the engine roars and cars explode into flames it isn't silly, it's movie magic of the best kind, like when Luke's X-Wing lands that shot into the Death Star in Star Wars.<br /><br />It's hard to describe without actually seeing it for yourself, but the cartoon universe of Speed Racer really is created wonderfully in this film. Everything from the sky to the furniture has an over-exposed super-vivid q
 boasts incredible animation, atmosphere and creativity. Ghost in a shell also has a very crisp and clear sound track and digital effects. <p>GS is quite an interesting movie, which is actually quite hard to describe plotwise without going two pages long :)<br />Its basically the matrix of anime, which has probably been said enough times to be a cliche.<br />Anyhow, be sure to catch this one, it'll be worth youre
e, and of course the seduction - wonderful scenes, even if taken in isolation. Bowie and Deneuve, promising "forever," put an additional chill into the first scene of his coffin.<br /><br />I find it hard to describe this movie - the action is subdued but meaningful. The visual styling has subtlety, something I appreciate more after seeing other movies that lack it.<br /><br />I like this one. I have trouble sayi
review/text: It's hard to describe the feelings this picture inspires. James Fenimore Cooper's book was one classic I read a couple of times when I was a teenager. The archaic English and the possible improbability of the story never 
review/text: I took my 7 year old son to see this movie today, and there was a point in the movie where I had "that feeling."  This is a feeling I don't often get watching a movie.  It is hard to describe it, but I know that the next time, and every other time I see that spot in the film, this thrill will return.  The last time I got that thrill was when I saw "Fellowship of the Ring," and I got to th
is brilliant in his triple role as the U.S. President, Dr. Strangelove, and Mandrake. George C. Scott also tops the cake in his over-the-top caricature of the Pattonesque General Buck Turgidson. It's hard to describe all of the nuances of this film on such a short review: you have to see it for yourself. Although the film will certainly have more of an impact on those who are old enough to remember the Cold War a
r. This is not toilet humor. This is dark political humor that's incredibly ironic and satirical. There are so many classic scenes ("Be careful, Mr. President. I think he's drunk."), that it's simply hard to describe all of them in just one review. Straight to the point, this is one of Stanley Kubrick's greatest films, and one of the greatest comedies of all time. It has a great ensemble of actors (Sellers, Scott
ellas and Godfather 1&amp; 2) but I know class when I see it, and this is certainly that. The acting is great with interesting and intricate stories and fine musical scores. Tony is a character thats hard to describe, he tries to combine a fragile family life with the grusome violence of his &quot;job&quot;. With no disrespect to the other actors, Gandolfini is what makes the show so outstanding. This is truly th
e in the auditorium, broken only by the soft sound of sobbing all around. And then you realized you were among those in tears. I haven't seen such a reaction to a film since "Schindler's List." It is hard to describe the emotional impact of this often funny, but ultimately very moving semi-autobiographical film. It's a shame you can't see in the theaters any more, but I strongly recommend seeing "Innocent Voices"
review/text: This is a movie that drips with cheese.<br />Silly special effects, basic plot, one dimensional characters.<br /><br />And it's one of my favorite movies of all time.<br /><br />It's hard to describe why I like this movie so much. Maybe it's because I grew up watching Kung Fu Theater as a kid, and so have a special place in my heart for bad effects with guys flying around on wires and the like.<b
wn beat. A bad, bad movie, really bad.  Here are some things that are not funny; heart attacks, divorce, manipulative bosses, losing years of your life, the grim reaper. It just goes on and on. It is hard to describe how poor and predictable this movie is. It does not do justice to Sandler's mediocre talent and abuses the greater talents of the actual actors in this movie. Again this is a bad movie with no redeem
formance as well. The opening sequence alone is worth a viewing  of this movie.  It is the greatest opening sequence I've ever seen, rivaled  only by the one from Raiders of the Lost Ark..maybe. It's hard to describe  with any one word. Watch this film and I think you will be hard put to find  another western that comes even close to being this suspenseful, moody, or  entertaining.
ctacle crossed with _The Matrix_-style martial arts crossed with a truly frightening horror film. You're partway there. This was such a stylish, invigorating, over-the-top mix of genres. It really is hard to describe, but by all means, go and see it. It is perhaps the best movie I've seen since _The Matrix_, which I thought was an instant classic, and a movie I've watched over and over again, never tiring of. Thi
/><br />The first thing that people will notice about this film is it's eye-popping visuals. Anyone who has had the pleasure of seeing Mamoru Oshii's film Avalon will be familiar with the style. It's hard to describe exactly, but you'll know it when you see it. Everything has a soft focus, and a noir-ish black and a cool retro, almost black-and-white-but-not-quite tint. Some will say this is to cover up the CGI a
review/text: I find it a little hard to describe why I like I, Robot so much. I feel drawn to the movie again and again. In a certain fashion, this is typical of the work of Alex Proyas, the director of I, Robot. Alex Proyas is probably best known 
review/text: I had the definite fortune of seeing this film for the first time as a midnight show in an actual theater many years ago. I'd been a Beatlemaniac for several years, and it is hard to describe the feeling of actually seeing and hearing live, moving Beatles after seeing b&w stills of the movie for years in magazines, etc.<br />This film remains staunchly in my top 10 movies of all time, bar
were some great fight scenes, which Matt Damon was quite good in.  The plot was superb with very little/to no holes in it.  It was both intriguing and suspenseful and had and ambiance about it that's hard to describe.  The superb cinematography was partially responsible for this but what I think added to the feel and really brought this movie to life was the musical score!  It did everything a good score does.  I
so take a look at this. The opening starts out with a pretty good and mysterious song, along with beautifully animated sequences. What I like best is how they end each episode, thought it's extremely hard to describe because you have to see it for yourself to believe me. Near the end, the ending song starts blending in, and then you get these sudden shifts of views which basically makes me want to watch the next 
review/text: This movie is hard to describe because even though I can point out several characteristics, friendship for one, it isn't about friendship. It also explores the divides that form from religious differences, but it isn't about that.
usual camera-in-the-backseat-looking-over-the-driver's-shoulder shot, but the innovative set up described above allows us to drive along with Hammer AND see most of the cool car's exterior, too. It's hard to describe these shots in a more specific manner, but viewers will notice and appreciate them immediately.<p>4) I liked the mysterious box with the strange, glowing contents that everyone is after. It's creepy 
ll, but the 70's version does an admirable job of putting a great story in a modern light.<p>Kong was a little too human for me compared to the original, but the 2nd version just has an appeal that's hard to describe.  The DVD cover immediately reminded me of all the fast food posters back in the 70's as this movie was very popular when it was released.  It remained popular in theaters and drive-ins for several y
eerie score, strangely poor acting & locations really give it a kind of nauseating feel which really works in the film's favor.  There is some creepiness mixed in between laughs.  Very, very unique...hard to describe, hard to forget.  I'd imagine those involved must have had a blast making this oddity.  I applaud the film makers in finding the resources to get this thing made.  It must have been cool back in the 
rprising stars like Tom Cruise and Julianne Moore wouldn't hesitate to work in this movie.  All of the characters were so well realized, that there wasn't a single storyline that left me bored.  It's hard to describe Anderson's genius in words, but all it takes is one look at his work to see it.  Look at this, Boogie Nights and Punch Drunk Love in particular for a unique movie making style.  I wish he'd churn out
m starts with a gruesome murder, but quickly chops to clever cutting and pasting of a variety of scenes of black comedy, downright hilarity and impartial violence. I won't spoil the plot, but it's so hard to describe I think that'd be difficult anyway. This film doesn't have a twist in it's plot, rather the entire film is constructed of spins and contradictions that keep you guessing two paces behind the screenpl
since it came out too close to the Columbine shootings. (Honestly which was ridiculous.)<p>Moving on, my review of the movie of course is as biased as the rest. I loved it from beginning to end. It's hard to describe (in a worthwhile way) unless you see it yourself. The plot was told to me by a cousin and I really didn't want to watch it, but not even half the way through the movie I was in love with it, and boug
review/text: That's the only way to describe this hard to describe film.  Pitt is good, but not great.  Forlani is a welcome site.  Anthony Hopkins deserves the kudos.<p>I saw this film not knowing what to expect.  I wasn't  disappointed.  Pitt's sudden demise early
review/text: Trees Lounge is hard to describe because it doesn't really stick to one specific genre.  The reason it doesn't stick to one specific genre is because it doesn't really do much of *anything*.  Plot development?  Yeah... if you wanna 
above all else something of an experiment in narrative structure.. the movie begins curiously as a pseudo-documentary and ends as an absurd fictional account of a relationship in a communist country (hard to describe actually)... The film is also to my way of thinking highly comic.. there is a certain bunuel like surrealism particularly in the last scenes which almost explodes accross the screen in high contrast 
Personally, THE CHURCH speaks to me in terms of what I like to see in a 1980's Horror film.  I'm a child of the late 80's and I tend to gravitate towards the movies of that time period.  It's kind of hard to describe why I like that era the best in terms of Horror, but anyone who's a fan of Robert Englund's interpretation of THE PHANTOM OF THE OPERA or John Carpenter's PRINCE OF DARKNESS knows what I'm talking ab
review/text: Imagine a Kurosawa film with hip-hop attitude (thanks in part to the absolutely fantastic soundtrack by RZA).  I found it hard to describe for friends in terms of genres; it moves far too slow for an action movie, too much violence and death for a character study; further confused by infrequent touches of comic genius;  it comes off on 
review/text: This French film (with subtitles) of a play of the 19th century is excellent. It's hard to describe other than it's about love, integrity, courage, not being a "yesman"  in opposition to the trickery, murder and bad luck (tragedy) of this fallen world. If one doesn't have courage, the other virtues
were some great fight scenes, which Matt Damon was quite good in.  The plot was superb with very little/to no holes in it.  It was both intriguing and suspenseful and had and ambiance about it that's hard to describe.  The superb cinematography was partially responsible for this but what I think added to the feel and really brought this movie to life was the musical score!  It did everything a good score does.  I
e; this is NOT a science fiction movie at heart, but an intense and accurate look at humanity.<br /><br />So accurate, really, that it makes me feel like a new person  after every time I see it; it's hard to describe, but it's as if for a brief period of time, I see everything in the world clearly and know exactly where my role is.<br /><br />Everything in this movie actually DOES make sense. I've watched it thre
e as Maxxx Robinson, the adult film director who threatens to ruin Young's life.  Matt Stone steals every scene he is in, but his role should be seen and not discussed (especially since it is sort of hard to describe).  Let us not forget Sancho; what can you say about Sancho except that, well, he is Sancho.  There are also, I should mention, some actual adult film stars in this film - including Ron Jeremy, who is
e in the auditorium, broken only by the soft sound of sobbing all around. And then you realized you were among those in tears. I haven't seen such a reaction to a film since "Schindler's List." It is hard to describe the emotional impact of this often funny, but ultimately very moving semi-autobiographical film. It's a shame you can't see in the theaters any more, but I strongly recommend seeing "Innocent Voices"
entured out on a cold and snowy Friday afternoon to see a cinema society screening seemed to enjoy it as well. The surroundings and the receptive audience only made the movie that much better.<p>It's hard to describe the movie to friends...a movie about a dwarf who likes trains and inherits an abandoned depot. I simply tell them that it is about so much more than trains. But there are those "been there, done that
review/text: This was such a piece of [film] it's hard to describe.  I bought it based on the cover, thought I was getting a 'kung fu' flick, you know lots of choreographed fights, etc.  It was just a [bad] bunch of meaningless stuff strung together and called a mov
review/text: That's the only way to describe this hard to describe film.  Pitt is good, but not great.  Forlani is a welcome site.  Anthony Hopkins deserves the kudos.<p>I saw this film not knowing what to expect.  I wasn't  disappointed.  Pitt's sudden demise early
review/text: It's hard to describe what I felt about this movie. It sort of redefined what normal society thinks of love. The ideologies about love in modern society would never accept this sort of relationship. But this movie gave a 
 who wants to be lovable, but whose seriously twisted family background makes that impossible.<p>Angela Lansbury steals this movie, however, as the ultimate &quot;mother-from-hell&quot;<p>The plot is hard to describe in brief, but it involves Harvey, a Communist conspiracy and Harvey's red-baiting inebriate of a stepfather, played by James Gregory with a not-subtle resemblance to Joe McCarthy.<p>This film works b
gs in the world must balance.  Bruce Willis and Samuel L. Jackson both gave stellar performances in the primary roles.  I find myself at a loss for words (which happens infrequently) ... this film is hard to describe without giving away too much of the plot.  Willis portrays a man who can't be injured ... Jackson, a man who is very easily hurt physically.  The film has some childhood flashback scenes for both cha
uesomely realistic even than "Band of Brothers."  The battle scenes are fantastic and with Blu-Ray the realism is quite literally startling.  The entire production has a subtly authentic feel that is hard to describe.<br /><br />The characterizations are a bit weaker than Band of Brothers, but not bad for all that.  The acting is all pretty good, and contributes to the authentic feel of the production.  One gets 
 />As I got deeper into the film, I realised just how riveted I was at the musical score.  What a tremendous soundtrack!  The drawings, photos, camera sweeps and interviews come alive in a way that's hard to describe, when combined with the music.<br /><br />I was taken aback by the weight of emotion (mostly sadness) that the documentary was able to well up inside of me; there were so many incidents I was unaware
broken when they cancelled it due to budget constraints.  I still cling to some fleeting hope that someday they will revive the series, but I think that is only a dream at this point.<br /><br />It's hard to describe what made this show so good.  Perhaps it was the irresistable and ever-evolving love story between Michael and Nikita.  You were always left guessing:  Is this just a Section ploy or does Michael rea
I witnessed came back to me, something I feel is nearly impossible to capture.  For those of you who didn't sit around anticipating these shows from the moment they were announced, its probably a bit hard to describe, but it really was an overwhelming thing to bear witness to.  Some of this comes out nicely in the DVD.<br /><br />The camera work is superb-- there were obviously several of them, and there was an e
vie from the first time I saw bits of it in the mid-seventies upon waking up mid-movie while it played on the late late show! For the longest time I didn't know what the movie was called and found it hard to describe it to people when I would try to find an answer. It was such and is still quite the twisted movie! This movie has committed to celluloid a very playful take on the Vampire saga. I wouldn't want to gi
 but asking him to deliver ripe, soul-searching, theatrical monologues about integrity just doesn't work.  And then there's Rod Steiger as the nasty, amoral studio chief, who is so over the top, it's hard to describe.  Talk about scenery-chewing -- Steiger looks like he might literally rip up parts of the set and wolf them down at any moment.  It's such a ludicrous performance as to be almost weirdly watchable, b
 Maiden concert but Flight 666 is a great look at the band and is just as good. If you're a fan this a must never before has Maiden been shown this way, it's hard to believe just how good it is. It's hard to describe but if you are a fan of the band you just have to see this.
est she has done in quite some time (a great comeback after the horrible "Stepford Wives" remake) and Sean Penn takes a more laid back approach to his character here and it works to his benefit. It's hard to describe this movie without giving anything away (it has a pretty standard political assassination plot), but if you are the mood for a political thriller which focuses on the character drama just as much as 
the wonderful qualities he was.<br /><br />My review is different than others here.  But all I can say is this is a story that everyone should see as the story itself must be felt inside, and that is hard to describe.  As a work of art, this work astounds.  Nothing can be said except good for the efforts of all.<br /><br />Stunning!
ctacle crossed with _The Matrix_-style martial arts crossed with a truly frightening horror film. You're partway there. This was such a stylish, invigorating, over-the-top mix of genres. It really is hard to describe, but by all means, go and see it. It is perhaps the best movie I've seen since _The Matrix_, which I thought was an instant classic, and a movie I've watched over and over again, never tiring of. Thi
review/text: I love this movie. I'm sure you already know the basic plot, so I'll spare you a rehash. It is hard to describe how this movie just roped me in; It is a film of many emotions and layers; It was a pleasure to watch the events unfold in this modern fairy tale. Paul Giamatti was one of the main reasons this worke
those who have not read the novel will probably not understand its significance.  Then the movie ends.<br /><br />Yet another highlight of this movie is its music.  In a word, it's--beautiful.  It is hard to describe but I might call it "quiet new age."  This music seems to heighten the emotion experienced in each scene.<br /><br />Finally, you don't have to read the novel to understand this movie.  However, if y
n the middle and the end, when Jon is following the mysterious blonde, and the breathtaking shots of the park, and the stunning music in the soundtrack, so bittersweet and innocent, so 1960's, and SO hard to describe in mere words. The title song sounds a lot like The Byrds. Oh, and the whole bookstore sequence is hilarious!<br /><br />I'm sure you'll love this if you're a fan of De Niro and/or De Palma. It's a s
review/text: Trees Lounge is hard to describe because it doesn't really stick to one specific genre.  The reason it doesn't stick to one specific genre is because it doesn't really do much of *anything*.  Plot development?  Yeah... if you wanna 
reat. It loses little of its charm. (Of course the Vlogs looked more realistic when watched online)<br />But that's what it is, on DVD... The extras are fun but meagre... The Commentary Musical is... hard to describe. It sounds a bit forced at parts and the singing makes it not so easy to understand all the commentaries, but still a very fresh and nice idea.<br />However there is one big Minus for this release (h
review/text: This film is incredible.  Not because it is good, but because it is so horribly bad.  And its very clear that they didn't mean it to be so bad.  Its hard to describe exactly what is so bad about it.  its actually a very well made movie. (except for the boom in the shot in one of the first scenes)  The acting is actually not very bad, I've seen much worse in TV sh
o everyone, which to me is part of it's appeal.  The Dude, Walter, etc. are all unique and interesting characters in their own funny ways.  Every line seems funnier the more you watch the film.  It's hard to describe, but I recommend everyone see it and you'll either love it or not get it.  But I'm betting most will love it.
I've read, this remake is even better in the eyes of many.<br /><br />Basically, half the inhabitants of a small town, with a population of 1,260, start killing off family members and neighbors. It's hard to describe what happens next without giving anything away, so I'll just comment on the other aspects. It reminded me a little of 28 Days Later, mainly in the fact that the people are not zombies. They are infec
re.  That is why this dvd is so  unique and wonderful.  Some songs sung around the table are beauties, others are drunken Christmas songs that they have forgotten the lyrics to.<br /><br />It is very hard to describe how unique and wonderful this movie is.  If you are a fan of Americana/Folk music, then do yourself a favor and pick this gem up.  You won't regret it.  Happy listening/watching!
d the scenery is absolutely amazing. I own the soundtrack to this movie and it is a pure joy to listen to. Especially when I am walking early in the morning. The music is so beautiful. It's litreally hard to describe. It's like listening to sounds from Heaven if Heaven exists.<br /><br />As far as the story goes - We see things from the point of view of various characters. The two main ones being Confederate Gene
ll, but the 70's version does an admirable job of putting a great story in a modern light.<p>Kong was a little too human for me compared to the original, but the 2nd version just has an appeal that's hard to describe.  The DVD cover immediately reminded me of all the fast food posters back in the 70's as this movie was very popular when it was released.  It remained popular in theaters and drive-ins for several y
rector Edgar Wright has created the new touchstone for meta-cinema here, to my eyes, and I'd love it if most films were this smart and sly and self-mocking. There's so much going on in this film it's hard to describe; suffice to say that there's a laugh a minute and at least two nice visual puns in the same time. There's a loving retro vibe that's both uber-ironic and heartfelt, and if you lived through the 80s a
review/text: I've seen this movie dozens of times. It's hard to describe because it's different. It's a mash up of action, comedy and romance. Definitely a must see movie if your a Michael Cera fan.
review/text: I grew up on comic books and video games, and if you did too, then you will love this movie. The movie is very fast pace, often jumping quickly from one scene to the next. Very, very hard to describe what kind of genre this movie falls into. It combines excellent action scenes with off-beat humor all the while pushing along a rather simple romance plot. Just like a comic book, Scott Pilgrim is me
s enjoyed futuristic Sci-Fi - Do not really remember if it appeared in comic form.<br /><br />Have yet to look at disc 2 -- have thoroughly enjoyed the actors concept of their characters - it is very hard to describe the feelings invocked upon seeing that ugly old Alien Queen - the nasty Company that wanted the Alien alive - no matter who has to die in the meantime.<br /><br />Oh Yeah! those guys were in for the 
 It finally hit me one night at blockbuster what I had been neglecting throughout my teenage years, rented Alien and brought it back to my dorm to the delight of my college buddies.<br /><br />  It's hard to describe the terror and tension Ridley Scott creates in this film.  The facehugger and chestburster scenes are truly the stuff nightmares are made of, the kinds of things that make you wake up yelling and swe
review/text: I find it a little hard to describe why I like I, Robot so much. I feel drawn to the movie again and again. In a certain fashion, this is typical of the work of Alex Proyas, the director of I, Robot. Alex Proyas is probably best known 
est she has done in quite some time (a great comeback after the horrible "Stepford Wives" remake) and Sean Penn takes a more laid back approach to his character here and it works to his benefit. It's hard to describe this movie without giving anything away (it has a pretty standard political assassination plot), but if you are the mood for a political thriller which focuses on the character drama just as much as 
review/text: Teenage Gang Debs is hard to describe... If you've seen other films that fall into the "roughy", juvenile delequent exploitation genre, especially from the early to mid-sixties, its somewhat predictable, but what makes it interesting is 
review/text: This movie is really hard to describe. First of all, Michael Caine did a  fine job but his performance didn't strike me as oscar caliber. Secondly,  the movie seemed a bit to preachy about the pros and cons of abortion.  Third, the sex s
be good guys shocked me in all honesty.Disgusting gross hilarious and freaky.This movie is what you would call... an EXPERIENCE yeahhh Ill just put it like that.This is one of those movies thats very hard to describe but if you are interested in an insane society groteseque gory and disgusting imagery then this movie is right up your alley.
n 1080p High Definition, we get a 7.1 DTS-HD Master Audio lossless soundtrack which sounds incredible!  Just the fact that the film looks and sounds better is significant.  The colors just pop!  It's hard to describe of how awesome this film looks on Blu-ray compared to previous video releases.  In the past, there was always this dreamy, hazy look to the film.  Though it was colorful, I have always thought that w
r work. As the first review states, if you are new to this form of music then this is not an easy first listen. But that being said, once I really invested some time I was blown away in a way that is hard to describe. These five guys are "speaking" to one another in a musical language that effortlessly blends eastern and western forms. The interplay is magical and the improvisation never strays too far from the c
of architecture to the human body..<br />The strange thought provoking nature of this film combined with the striking visuals make it all very satisfying - and at the same time a puzzle which is very hard to describe... It certainly has made me curious to check out more of greenaway's films...
e thing is actually one that's intentional involving ex-Monkee Mickey Dolenz.<br /><br />The effects are the standard SyFy channel poorly done CGI that we've all come to expect from them. I mean it's hard to describe just how bad these are done. I'm assuming that some 13 year old with a PC that's older than he is worked hard to make these graphics but he still needs to work on them. Is it any wonder that people m
those who have not read the novel will probably not understand its significance.  Then the movie ends.<br /><br />Yet another highlight of this movie is its music.  In a word, it's--beautiful.  It is hard to describe but I might call it "quiet new age."  This music seems to heighten the emotion experienced in each scene.<br /><br />Finally, you don't have to read the novel to understand this movie.  However, if y
ever do to anyone to deserve that?<br /><br />If you thought "Howard the Duck" was the worst anthropomorphic animal and human movie ever made, think again. This one is a unique brand of awful that is hard to describe. It would, however, be an excellent gift for someone who believes they can withstand any bad movie. Just make sure you don't make the mistake of offering to watch it with them. Plan to be in another 
formance as well. The opening sequence alone is worth a viewing  of this movie.  It is the greatest opening sequence I've ever seen, rivaled  only by the one from Raiders of the Lost Ark..maybe. It's hard to describe  with any one word. Watch this film and I think you will be hard put to find  another western that comes even close to being this suspenseful, moody, or  entertaining.
usual camera-in-the-backseat-looking-over-the-driver's-shoulder shot, but the innovative set up described above allows us to drive along with Hammer AND see most of the cool car's exterior, too. It's hard to describe these shots in a more specific manner, but viewers will notice and appreciate them immediately.<p>4) I liked the mysterious box with the strange, glowing contents that everyone is after. It's creepy 
hen he flicks them. Could he be in a dream? If he is, what is the nature of this dream? What is its purpose? Where is it taking him? Most importantly, can he wake from it?<br /><br />The animation is hard to describe, which is a compliment really. In terms of motion, very often its realistic. As for shape, perspective, colors, facial experessions and such, you're only really shown a vague impression of what's the
in the audience didn't get it.  But I've been an outspoken SpongeBob fan for years.  Hell, I'll bet I like the television show even more than my children do -- and they like it a lot.<br /><br />It's hard to describe this film, at least in a way that will do it justice.  Is it great?  In it's own twisted, surreal way, sure.  It's littered with double entendres, to be sure, and a few nautical butt cheeks, too.  I 
review/text: This is a movie that drips with cheese.<br />Silly special effects, basic plot, one dimensional characters.<br /><br />And it's one of my favorite movies of all time.<br /><br />It's hard to describe why I like this movie so much. Maybe it's because I grew up watching Kung Fu Theater as a kid, and so have a special place in my heart for bad effects with guys flying around on wires and the like.<b
review/text: Imagine a Kurosawa film with hip-hop attitude (thanks in part to the absolutely fantastic soundtrack by RZA).  I found it hard to describe for friends in terms of genres; it moves far too slow for an action movie, too much violence and death for a character study; further confused by infrequent touches of comic genius;  it comes off on 
review/text: It's hard to describe this film. It's kind of like Dawn of the Dead meets Leave It To Beaver. A little campy but twas meant to be. Just the opening educational newsreel shown in the school classroom is worth the price of 
 "The Children of Paradise" is filmed in the theaters --- and, especially "Crime Boulevard" in front of the theaters. The main female character is Garance (Arletty), a former "courtesan" --- actually hard to describe her, except that she is beautiful and very kind.  The main male character is the mime Baptiste, played by Jean-Louis Barrault, who is madly in love with Garance.<br /><br />By the end of this film, B
review/text: I find it a little hard to describe why I like I, Robot so much. I feel drawn to the movie again and again. In a certain fashion, this is typical of the work of Alex Proyas, the director of I, Robot. Alex Proyas is probably best known 
review/text: Wow, just saw this yesterday.  Kind of hard to describe but let me try... a fun, light-hearted romp through the woods.  You'll laugh, you'll cry... if you like talking animals and lots of acorns you'll love this film.  Think Disney with an edge.
review/text: I've been a fan of Sigur Ros for quite some time, I think it was the realease of VON that I aquired (I don't remember how).  It's really hard to describe this work of art.  The 'interview' portion of the set is amazing, to see their homeland as they see it, and talking to the local characters really adds depth to where they come from.  But the live pe
review/text: I found this to be a different movie, hard to describe. Their is the young, impulsive love affair, October and Harlin (ed norton). With that, comes the struggle with the father figure Wade (david morse). Also in the mix is Harlin's relationship with the 
review/text: This French film (with subtitles) of a play of the 19th century is excellent. It's hard to describe other than it's about love, integrity, courage, not being a "yesman"  in opposition to the trickery, murder and bad luck (tragedy) of this fallen world. If one doesn't have courage, the other virtues
good time chewing the scenery and overacting to extreme levels.<br /><br />Of course, that also means that like other reviewers have noted, there are a few scenes that just fall flat.<br /><br />It's hard to describe this movie and in many ways harder to rate it.  Even in the extra about the movie the one director admits that four different men directed different segments, there were rewrites up to the last minut
>Based on the Cormac McCarthy novel, the Coens do a good job of adapting his material to film. (Much better than Billy Bob did in the past, at least.) It's certainly an odd film to watch (and equally hard to describe), but a powerful one nonetheless. The use of silence in the movie is a testament to how well the Coens understand their craft; rarely do you see any film using silence to this degree pull it off so d
review/text: It's is hard to describe this film in words!!! Everything about this film is amazing, stylish, and plainly eye candy with each action scene eclipsing the last. This film is based on the comic book series called "Sin City", a
e gone awry films that I have ever seen. Ewen McGregor & Eva Green play two people who happen to meet & fall in love right when a worldwide pandemic occurs that slowly takes away peoples senses. It's hard to describe because I found this movie had romance (but not the mushy sappy kind), a dash of creepiness & sadness because of how the disease affects the human race but also I found it to be a really hopeful movi
 and goes to see him, pretending like she's utterly happy with her new guy and her new life. But that passion between them is still there.<br /><br />There's lots of little bits to this movie so it's hard to describe in such a short space. Does everything work out? Well, sort of. I suppose it does, but I guess it really depends on how you look at. The ending is so sappy that I could've sworn someone just dumped h
review/text: It is really hard to describe this movie, but I will try. According to Joseph Pistone, this movie is about 95% true. This movie is based on the experience of Joseph D. Pistone. In this movie he is played by Jonny Depp. Joseph wor
not everyone will like this movie, but the ones with artistic heart will taste the flavor of a fantastic production.  It's bizarre, it's different, it's so many things at the same time, that it is so hard to describe.  You will have to pay atention to understand the meaning and that's just one of the good sides.  This isn't a hollywood mega hit movie, but it have so much potential thanks to it's poetic feeling, t
vered enough to talk about it openly.  At first I thought that I had just dreamt that I saw this film, but when I saw the DVD on my shelf I realized that it was, in fact, a real movie. It is actually hard to describe this film other than to say that it is literally like a fever dream, but I'll try.  Ro-Man XJ2 is a beleaguered robot-gorilla in a diving helmet who can never seem to please his superiors or do anyth
rs out, gradually recovers, and can't remember a thing. He meets a number of people, most of whom help him in some way or another. He meets a Salvation Army woman and a relationship developes.<p>It's hard to describe this movie. The dialoque is often funny, but delivered absolutely deadpan. There is no excitement, but a rich development of story and relationships through incidents that happen to the lead characte
lm features an Oscar-Winning screenplay, superb acting from Kate Hudson, Patrick Fugit, and Billy Crudup, and a story you will never forget.  There is so much to appreciate about this film that it is hard to describe it without rambling on and on.  So, bottom line: See this film!
/>The cinematography is some of the most interesting ever.  Studying it could be the sole focus of an entire graduate film program, and they still not might be able to cover it in its entirety.  It's hard to describe the power of scenes like after Hoffman reveals to his girlfriend that her mother was the woman he was with.  As he walks away defeated, the camera pans out and the look in Mrs. Robinson's eyes says s
review/text: This is one of the most beautifully photographed movies ever.  It has a moody, atmospheric quality that is hard to describe; almost dreamlike in places. The storyline is fairly straightforward at first, but then becomes convoluted as the movie increasingly digresses into tangential areas including a fair amount of Weird A
formance as well. The opening sequence alone is worth a viewing  of this movie.  It is the greatest opening sequence I've ever seen, rivaled  only by the one from Raiders of the Lost Ark..maybe. It's hard to describe  with any one word. Watch this film and I think you will be hard put to find  another western that comes even close to being this suspenseful, moody, or  entertaining.
6'8&quot; since he had to look up to him. Jimmy Stewart's subtle, thoughtful performance gives a surreal quality to a film that feels mostly like a well done stage play, but has an edge to it that is hard to describe and should be experienced by any movie lover or person interested in thinking about life, familiy, and one's view of reality. A must for the DVD collection.
ghout, which I find inspiring, but we are basically left to move however we feel like moving, so it is a different experience every time.  I always end up feeling energized and alive in a way that is hard to describe.  The music is energizing and beautiful, and the DVD is beautifully filmed.  I only wish that Gabrielle Roth would come out with more DVDs (although she does have a couple of others that are close), 
re. A car is the star of the film, a very jealous and vengeful one at that. Man, that sounds silly but, if you're reading this you have probably watched the movie so no sense going into details. It's hard to describe the story in a paragraph without it sounding stupid....but it's not. Maybe the quickest way to explain it is that it is about a car that is alive, like a human, and you mess with it, you pay!<br /><b
 than that? The characters are also people you actually care about. Kurt Russell and Spader do an excellent job in the film. Overall, this film is another that to be seen to be believed. It really is hard to describe and has to be seen!
 is...The series captures so well the changes you go through during that time... and since it includes little glimpses into the Tendo family's daily routine, it makes it all the more realistic.  It's hard to describe how enduring the characters are...even Kuno gets you rooting for him. I haven't seen the second season yet, but I'm told it gets even less serious and more wacky...disappointing, as I thought the sem
review/text: This anime wasn't very good. Its quite hard to describe it seeing as the the story is very sporadic and just not very interesting. The main villain has no personality and seems to just want to kill people. One episode might be incredibly stupid(an androgy
review/text: It's hard to describe to people who are either under the age of 28 or over the age of 38 why this movie is one of the best ever made.  This movie is more dear to me and truly describes my childhood more than any other 80'
review/text: DUDE! this movie was AWESOME! it was wicked funny but hard to describe. it was full of surprise and it was cool. u have to pay attention and follow along. U HAVE TO SEE THIS MOVIE!!! only one more thing to say.........................................SHIBBYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!
D BEEN PUT TO DEATH BY THE NAZI'S!"  Subsequently through unrelenting research Simon was blessed when he found that his wife had survived and they were reunited. Later you are saddened again in a way hard to describe, when Simon and his wife decide to have a child, and realize that the child will never have a Grandmother, Grandfather, or any Aunts of Uncles. Simon said he couldn't bring himself to tell his daught
d true to their word a movie trailer.<br /><br />The film is an interesting whirlwind of exotic location shots that if nothing else shows the viewer some very interesting sites.  The musical score is hard to describe-in a sense it is eerie, but it also has an overall upbeat, 'hopeful' or optimistic tone.  I get the impression that this film was not made originally in English?  I do like the narrator's (male) voic
review/text: This is one of my favorite movies by Mr. Campbell. It is very similar to quite a few SiFi/Horror flicks of the early and mid sixties. It is hard to describe the fun parts of this movie without going into details and giving some of the good bits away. It is funny only in that special way Mr. Campbell has of making something dark laughable. If you are a fa
were jerks, as seen when Par&eacute;'s character shoots an entire homeless family to death just because they couldn't understand English. In Bulgaria. What I said: over-the-top.<br /><br />It's kinda hard to describe the general temperament of the film. On one hand, the director and production team were obviously trying to make "Direct Contact" the most explosive flick Dolph had gunned to in a while, but Lundgren
vie from the first time I saw bits of it in the mid-seventies upon waking up mid-movie while it played on the late late show! For the longest time I didn't know what the movie was called and found it hard to describe it to people when I would try to find an answer. It was such and is still quite the twisted movie! This movie has committed to celluloid a very playful take on the Vampire saga. I wouldn't want to gi
re.  That is why this dvd is so  unique and wonderful.  Some songs sung around the table are beauties, others are drunken Christmas songs that they have forgotten the lyrics to.<br /><br />It is very hard to describe how unique and wonderful this movie is.  If you are a fan of Americana/Folk music, then do yourself a favor and pick this gem up.  You won't regret it.  Happy listening/watching!
ce to this story, which was flat until the halfway mark.<br /><br />This is kind of strange story and nothing was stranger than this jukebox that was rigged as a camera, with somebody behind it. It's hard to describe but it very cool, and something - technology-wise, that seemed to be way ahead of its time.<br /><br />In a nutshell, Charlie is called to Washington to help a Fed with a baffling case. Charlie owed 
review/text: No regrets in getting all the Samurai Jack I can get my hands on (though I did technically buy the 4th season separately...at any rate...).<br /><br />Why do I love Samurai Jack? It's hard to describe. I do love Japan, I spent 2 years there, but that certainly isn't the biggest appeal--in fact, I can say that it isn't a very accurate depiction of many aspects of the country, particularly the impli
ual flair.  From the disturbing mind of Carl which encompasses a rather surprising setpiece involving a horse, to the serene desert of a little boys mind, the sheer staggering beauty of the images is hard to describe.  But on top of this, Tarsem shows an exceptional talent for storytelling also.  He cuts between the search for the missing girl, and &quot;J.Lo&quot; searching the mind of Carl with absolute precisi
ctacle crossed with _The Matrix_-style martial arts crossed with a truly frightening horror film. You're partway there. This was such a stylish, invigorating, over-the-top mix of genres. It really is hard to describe, but by all means, go and see it. It is perhaps the best movie I've seen since _The Matrix_, which I thought was an instant classic, and a movie I've watched over and over again, never tiring of. Thi
ual flair.  From the disturbing mind of Carl which encompasses a rather surprising setpiece involving a horse, to the serene desert of a little boys mind, the sheer staggering beauty of the images is hard to describe.  But on top of this, Tarsem shows an exceptional talent for storytelling also.  He cuts between the search for the missing girl, and &quot;J.Lo&quot; searching the mind of Carl with absolute precisi
review/text: It's very hard to describe such a movie, and there's no need of that either, but I can tell you this, if you haven't seen the movie, you must buy this DVD, why? well...the movie is great, Bj&ouml;rk and all the actors perform 
review/text: The appeal of Nick Cave is hard to describe, but easy to understand when seeing him perform live. His music is smart, dark, brash at times, and melodic at others. This new DVD showcases one of the earlier concerts on the "No More Shall We Part
review/text: I really enjoyed this movie. I have not seen many Steve McQueen movies to date, but I hope to see more now. Frank Keller won an Oscar for editing for "Bullitt" and I can see why. It's hard to describe what makes great editing, but you know it when you see it. Sometimes a shot will go on a bit longer than you expect it to, and, after viewing the shot, you realize how effective it was. There are sev
review/text: THis movie is nuts. There is so much going on here it's hard to describe. A great story coupled witha fantastic cast makes this one of my favorite movies. It's basically a 70's slapstick movie, and if you like those you will love this. Movies such as &quot;the great Race,
 with a control freak-esque local girl in a run-down flat in a northeastern college town, wouldn't it have been great if I'd lived with a bunch of cool people in Spain? Oh, well.<br /><br />I find it hard to describe what this movie is about, so I'll leave it to others who have no doubt done a fine job of detailing its quirky, thin-yet-rich plot. To say it depicts the inner landscape of a young Frenchman's evolvi
 with a control freak-esque local girl in a run-down flat in a northeastern college town, wouldn't it have been great if I'd lived with a bunch of cool people in Spain? Oh, well.<br /><br />I find it hard to describe what this movie is about, so I'll leave it to others who have no doubt done a fine job of detailing its quirky, thin-yet-rich plot. To say it depicts the inner landscape of a young Frenchman's evolvi
t an American guerrilla group led by one Lt Aldo Raine (Brad Pitt), who offers one of the most hilarious moments in the film when he speaks Italian with a very thick Tennessee accent.<br /><br />It's hard to describe the plot without giving away huge parts of the movie. Suffice to say the Basterds are sent across enemy lines to wreak havoc against the Nazis (which they do rather graphically). Meantime the Jew Hun
 making this workout just plain weird.  She is working out but she is super imposed onto various backgrounds and this gets to be very annoying because the backgrounds change frequently.  It really is hard to describe but it seriously gave me a headache from the constant lights flashing.  Oh, and there are two segments where she even has light flashing like a strobe light effect and you're left wondering, why???<b
review/text: Audrey Hepburn is Holly Golightly. There is and was only one. It is hard to describe the attraction of this film, yet it still captivates me every time I view it. I think it has something to do with the time and place when it was made, a carefree time that exists no longer and a time
ers in the foreground with an open field of heartland America in the background. I finally got to see HOOSIERS on video and I am sure glad that I did. This is one of my all-time favorite movies. It's hard to describe but this movie is what America is all about. Great performances, photography and a brilliantly emotionally charged score composed by Jerry Goldsmith contribute to the success of this film. One critic
ers in the foreground with an open field of heartland America in the background. I finally got to see HOOSIERS on video and I am sure glad that I did. This is one of my all-time favorite movies. It's hard to describe but this movie is what America is all about. Great performances, photography and a brilliantly emotionally charged score composed by Jerry Goldsmith contribute to the success of this film. One critic
ers in the foreground with an open field of heartland America in the background. I finally got to see HOOSIERS on video and I am sure glad that I did. This is one of my all-time favorite movies. It's hard to describe but this movie is what America is all about. Great performances, photography and a brilliantly emotionally charged score composed by Jerry Goldsmith contribute to the success of this film. One critic
tman is meant to be more hidden.  Dont let those opinions stop you from watching this true work of art.  The film also has some great action scenes and a good chemistry between the actors.  Its quite hard to describe how incredible the film is.  I cant see how the original can ever be said to be better than this.
ual flair.  From the disturbing mind of Carl which encompasses a rather surprising setpiece involving a horse, to the serene desert of a little boys mind, the sheer staggering beauty of the images is hard to describe.  But on top of this, Tarsem shows an exceptional talent for storytelling also.  He cuts between the search for the missing girl, and &quot;J.Lo&quot; searching the mind of Carl with absolute precisi
to improve on the thoughtful reviews already in place, but here are a few comments:<br /><br />1) If you've never been particularly moved by Native American stories, this movie may change that.  It's hard to describe, but within the fantastical context of this movie, which uses the present day and the past equally to great effect, the Native American stories "make sense" in a way that has never happened to me bef
review/text: I took my 7 year old son to see this movie today, and there was a point in the movie where I had "that feeling."  This is a feeling I don't often get watching a movie.  It is hard to describe it, but I know that the next time, and every other time I see that spot in the film, this thrill will return.  The last time I got that thrill was when I saw "Fellowship of the Ring," and I got to th
yhem that follows is framed in pasty, red, Hollywood blood. The actors are pretty bad, and the screenplay is mostly talk, talk, talk. And yet, "Death Farm" has a totally on-location earthiness that's hard to describe. In a sex scene that's half rape and half seduction, it manages to show a topless woman in various poses, without much in the way of actual nudity.In 1985, producer Fred Olen Ray bought an old movie 
review/text: This was so far ahead of its time that it is hard to describe.  Ic an see a bunch of stuff from STarwars in this.  The way the Robo-cops act is like the robots in Starwars... etc.<br /><br />Buy it!
review/text: Imagine a Kurosawa film with hip-hop attitude (thanks in part to the absolutely fantastic soundtrack by RZA).  I found it hard to describe for friends in terms of genres; it moves far too slow for an action movie, too much violence and death for a character study; further confused by infrequent touches of comic genius;  it comes off on 
e gone awry films that I have ever seen. Ewen McGregor & Eva Green play two people who happen to meet & fall in love right when a worldwide pandemic occurs that slowly takes away peoples senses. It's hard to describe because I found this movie had romance (but not the mushy sappy kind), a dash of creepiness & sadness because of how the disease affects the human race but also I found it to be a really hopeful movi
review/text: I was 12 years old in the fall of 1965 when Lost in Space first came out, and I can still remember being riveted to my bw tv on Wednesday nights.  It is hard to describe the youthful awe and excitement that this show inspired in me---a unique and exciting spaceship, a wonderful sense of adventure on alien worlds, ocasionally spooky and really scary aliens, etc.  Over
ham), partners (but not the kind that "hold hands and take windy walks," as Turkish puts it) in running an illegal bare-knuckle boxing ring.<p>What follows is so fast-paced and intertwined that it is hard to describe it. [....] I loved this movie so much that I find it hard to keep it to a minimum when discussing it.  I haven't yet found a review that truly did it justice, and I'm sure I'm not doing much better. 
were jerks, as seen when Par&eacute;'s character shoots an entire homeless family to death just because they couldn't understand English. In Bulgaria. What I said: over-the-top.<br /><br />It's kinda hard to describe the general temperament of the film. On one hand, the director and production team were obviously trying to make "Direct Contact" the most explosive flick Dolph had gunned to in a while, but Lundgren
review/text: Today, it is probably hard to describe how brilliant "Phantasm" seemed in its year of release:  quite simply, there was nothing else like it in the American cinema.  "Phantasm" is literally a dream put on film; the fact that Don Coscarell
review/text: It's hard to describe to people who are either under the age of 28 or over the age of 38 why this movie is one of the best ever made.  This movie is more dear to me and truly describes my childhood more than any other 80'
review/text: Imagine a Kurosawa film with hip-hop attitude (thanks in part to the absolutely fantastic soundtrack by RZA).  I found it hard to describe for friends in terms of genres; it moves far too slow for an action movie, too much violence and death for a character study; further confused by infrequent touches of comic genius;  it comes off on 
review/text: It's hard to describe The Canadian Brass without having seen them or heard one of their live performances. Excellent musicians who can also be very funny on stage, and are better live than on record. They play mostly Clas
review/text: Neo Ranga is hard to describe.  Played out in 15 minute episodes, it has the feel of a slice-of-life show that just happens to include a giant god (Neo Ranga) from a tiny island kingdom.  The three sisters who, often reluctantly,
 out semi-professional baseball players.  Ryo is handpicked as the core player of a girl's high school baseball team formed with the goal of reaching Japan's national high school championship.<p>It's hard to describe how complex this story is.  Ryo plays baseball in part to maintain a connection with her deceased father.  Keiko Himuro, the chairperson of the board of directors of Kisaragi High fights for the righ
y Fred's complete lack of morals still make me snicker even though I can pretty much recite the entire movie by memory. Luckily, Ben and Fred's opposing natures make them a good team.<br /><br />It's hard to describe, but the movie seems packed with events even though not much is happening in it. There's a trio of goons who want to rob a bank with Johnny's help, but it kind of pales to the impending peril of John
n head hand puppet and there is a kill scene that looks eerily realistic.  A young man is stabbed in the stomach with a large bone-cutting knife and instead of a quick cut to another scene..well it's hard to describe but it's the look of resignation on the young mans face about what is happening to him that makes this scene a little unusual.<br /><br />Intruder is not intended for anyone expecting art but in it's
d to portray the 40 passengers and crew members are each to be applauded separately (and collectively), in my personal opinion, for their realistic and spot-on performances in this movie. It's really hard to describe how good this whole cast is. All of the performances from the men and women who share this cast roster will move you to tears. The terror on board that aircraft is so real during this movie, it's not
review/text: Jackass the Movie is a great laugh out loud comedy and like i said before for it will make you laugh until it hurts!!!!! It really hard to describe this movie,but it is worth your time and money and after you get done renting the movie you will own this movie for your dvd collection!!!!!!
ough About You."  Great piano intro and guitar solo, peppy vocals, heavy-duty drum accents, energy level off the scales, and fantastic audience response.<br /><br />Diana Krall wields a power that is hard to describe.  Her voice, her command over the nuance of each song, and her persona are surpassed only by the incredible sexiness of her piano playing.  Her solos are great but listen also to the way she accompan
 between two individuals cuts to a second set of characters fighting. These two are momentarily seperated and one of the combatants from the first fight stumbles backwards between them. In print it's hard to describe, but on film it brings a sense of connection to scenes that are really utter chaos. It allows the action to go non-stop without boring or confusing the viewer. And that makes the chaos so much more d
 (like many of today's movie trailers out of mainstream Hollywood.)<p>The many themes presented in the movie (war, love, loss, greed, death and revenge) are visited upon us in very subtle ways. It is hard to describe how the filmmakers have done it, without giving away the plot's clincher. The story unfolds slowly at first, drawing a very somber picture of life during the Spanish Civil War in a remote orphanage. 
, interesting and endearing than the initial impression gives.<br />Even the side characters like Tony the bodyguard come off as being very plausible, likable and multi-faceted.<br /><br />Fantastic, hard to describe experience.
s to capture this in his directing style, lingering curiously on extranea that, while at first blush appearing irrelevant to his presumed purpose, soon swell to assume a power over the viewer that is hard to describe.<br /><br />Thus when this film is over, the things you remember most wondrously and tenderly are not the airship, but the cave of the swifts, the lonely motion of the dancer against the waterfall, a
story.  A man, who was traumatized as a boy by seeing his mother getting laid by old st. Nick, grows up into believing he is the real, better Santa Clause and can bring good to the world.  Its almost hard to describe exactly what makes this movie so good or what makes this movie so scary.  You really have to see it to believe it.  It takes you on a journey into the mind of a mentally disturbed individual while sh
lso turns in a strong performance as actress turned new age healer Leanne Rease-Jones, a character who comes to play a crucial and prophetic part in the story.<br /><br />The Innkeepers is devilishly hard to describe.  In a way, much of the story is predictable, yet at the same time it's also rather shocking in the end.  The writing is subtly brilliant.  The significance of some lines early in the movie only hit 
s excited. Even moreso once I heard it was going to be offered on Blu Ray. People are complaining about the picture, I am not sure what that is all about. The visuals are so stunning in blu it's very hard to describe. The audio is so pitch perfect that even with my outdated surround system, it felt like Bono and Co were in my living room.<br /><br />The dvd gives you the complete U2 experience and leaves nothing 
review/text: Audrey Hepburn is Holly Golightly. There is and was only one. It is hard to describe the attraction of this film, yet it still captivates me every time I view it. I think it has something to do with the time and place when it was made, a carefree time that exists no longer and a time
since it came out too close to the Columbine shootings. (Honestly which was ridiculous.)<p>Moving on, my review of the movie of course is as biased as the rest. I loved it from beginning to end. It's hard to describe (in a worthwhile way) unless you see it yourself. The plot was told to me by a cousin and I really didn't want to watch it, but not even half the way through the movie I was in love with it, and boug
review/text: Any Given Sunday (DVD) is a &quot;pro&quot; football film experience that is hard to describe in typed words. I have watched it many times and affirm that it really gets one &quot;ready for some football&quot;. The story is a collection of mini-stories, all woven into the tapestry of professi
review/text: I really enjoyed this movie. I have not seen many Steve McQueen movies to date, but I hope to see more now. Frank Keller won an Oscar for editing for "Bullitt" and I can see why. It's hard to describe what makes great editing, but you know it when you see it. Sometimes a shot will go on a bit longer than you expect it to, and, after viewing the shot, you realize how effective it was. There are sev
 really quick editing and brutal gore. But personally that's not scary, it's just gross. Saw 2 doesn't change this, even though it's admittedly good concept is intact.<br /><br />The Jigsaw Killer is hard to describe as a murderer since he doesn't actually do it, his victims do. Being someone who "saves people's lives", he devises ways where people have to do something painful in order to escape. Most of them don
review/text: It is very hard to describe this film in any common terms.<p>This is not simply an ultra-fab rock n' roll romp nor is it a dry piece of youthful corruption and ambiguous art-nouveau. <p>Hedwig is a wildly fun and smirkingly cyn
nd care about him. Orlando Bloom was perfect as the wimpy and arrogant Paris that you loved to hate. But the showstopper performance would have to go to Eric Bana in his flawless role as Hector. It's hard to describe, you just have to see it.<br /><br />The best scene of the entire movie is the showdown between Achilles and Hector because Peterson directed it in a such a way that the tension is palpable. Also the
o everyone, which to me is part of it's appeal.  The Dude, Walter, etc. are all unique and interesting characters in their own funny ways.  Every line seems funnier the more you watch the film.  It's hard to describe, but I recommend everyone see it and you'll either love it or not get it.  But I'm betting most will love it.
 of all time.  I've never been so engrossed in a show as I was with this one.  I'm not really into the whole magic/freak show thing, but this show doesn't have anything to do with that.  It is really hard to describe as it is a mix of fantasy/reality, love/hate, faith/satanism.  You just have to try it.<br /><br />I've never been so sad to see a series end.  Please HBO, BRING THIS SHOW BACK!
n, this is not always a bad thing), it was refreshing to see something that challenged us to the core like "Carnivale" did.  At long last, the second season has found its home on DVD.<br /><br />It's hard to describe such a show without giving too much away, but I will do my best.  The first season left off with Ben Hawkins (an unlikely savior and healer) and Brother Justin (a man who once served religion has now
 boasts incredible animation, atmosphere and creativity. Ghost in a shell also has a very crisp and clear sound track and digital effects. <p>GS is quite an interesting movie, which is actually quite hard to describe plotwise without going two pages long :)<br />Its basically the matrix of anime, which has probably been said enough times to be a cliche.<br />Anyhow, be sure to catch this one, it'll be worth youre
n 1080p High Definition, we get a 7.1 DTS-HD Master Audio lossless soundtrack which sounds incredible!  Just the fact that the film looks and sounds better is significant.  The colors just pop!  It's hard to describe of how awesome this film looks on Blu-ray compared to previous video releases.  In the past, there was always this dreamy, hazy look to the film.  Though it was colorful, I have always thought that w
review/text: It's very hard to describe such a movie, and there's no need of that either, but I can tell you this, if you haven't seen the movie, you must buy this DVD, why? well...the movie is great, Bj&ouml;rk and all the actors perform 
house that she was given as a present.  The music, their manners, the film itself just sets a calm, warm mood - good memories of just being yourself with a new flame and being relaxed - this is whats hard to describe.  The acting and interplay between the two of them cannot be described.  There are no films made in the USA that evoke these feelings.  Mademoiselle probably cost peanuts to make but for a film that 
aintings and early computer graphics, the progressive sequence of art within them sneaks in the history of dialogue-free storytelling.<br /><br />ANIMATED? REALLY?<br /><br />The look of the movie is hard to describe. In one scene, when WALL-E and EVE are investigating a piece of bubble wrap, you can't tell it is an animated film. It actually appears to be live-action. Likewise, the outer space scenes have the sa
review/text: I had the extreme pleasure of seeing this film at A&amp;O Films B-fest 2001.  Wow!  It's so hard to describe, but if you're into strange things this is a definite must see.  It is guaranteed to mess with your head and keep you begging for more.  When I tell people about this movie they just don't believe me
aw it) and for years I saw everything that came out. Most of the films slip away by the next day, but &quot;Inside Moves&quot; is easily my favorite movie and stays with me as I go through life. It's hard to describe how much I like this film. As often as I've mentioned it to others, I can't recall anyone responding with anything other than &quot;Never heard of it.&quot; That might explain why it may never get th
y Fred's complete lack of morals still make me snicker even though I can pretty much recite the entire movie by memory. Luckily, Ben and Fred's opposing natures make them a good team.<br /><br />It's hard to describe, but the movie seems packed with events even though not much is happening in it. There's a trio of goons who want to rob a bank with Johnny's help, but it kind of pales to the impending peril of John
ries, sugar plum fairies and intergalactic, Euro Ambiguou ballet interludes.<br /><br />The music is gorgeous, the feeling is timeless (though, it definitely has a late 1970s/early 1980s feel that is hard to describe). This production never fails to simultaneously transport and bewitch me into an almost ethereal haze.
ries, sugar plum fairies and intergalactic, Euro Ambiguou ballet interludes.<br /><br />The music is gorgeous, the feeling is timeless (though, it definitely has a late 1970s/early 1980s feel that is hard to describe). This production never fails to simultaneously transport and bewitch me into an almost ethereal haze.
s excited. Even moreso once I heard it was going to be offered on Blu Ray. People are complaining about the picture, I am not sure what that is all about. The visuals are so stunning in blu it's very hard to describe. The audio is so pitch perfect that even with my outdated surround system, it felt like Bono and Co were in my living room.<br /><br />The dvd gives you the complete U2 experience and leaves nothing 
iliar with director Zack Snyder's previous films (the remake of "Dawn of the Dead", "300", "Watchmen") or anyone who's seen a trailer of the movie, should know exactly what to expect.<br /><br />It's hard to describe the plot because there's plenty open to interpretation.  The movie follows a girl, played by Emily Browning, known to the audience mostly as "Babydoll."  Locked away in an insane asylum, she and/or t
review/text: I was very surprised how much I enjoyed this movie; it was much darker than I had thought it would be and the ending was really sad (to me at least).  Very hard to describe this but I guess I would call it a Rock n Roll Cyberpunk Action Thriller Drama.  This is definately not for young children but teenagers and adults that enjoy edgy movies will find this a winner.
so much so that it will spark a new trend in Hollywood. It's not that the feature isn't entertaining, it is. The problem is that it is nothing more then that. The feeling this film leaves you with is hard to describe, so here's the best way one can put it: If you are at a buddy's house for a night with your best friends and the School of Rock is the film of choice, you won't exactly try to weasel everyone out of 
not everyone will like this movie, but the ones with artistic heart will taste the flavor of a fantastic production.  It's bizarre, it's different, it's so many things at the same time, that it is so hard to describe.  You will have to pay atention to understand the meaning and that's just one of the good sides.  This isn't a hollywood mega hit movie, but it have so much potential thanks to it's poetic feeling, t
 but those that have seen it, say, &quot;Why wasn't this movie more popular?&quot; Maybe it was bad timing, or as some others suggested, just not correctly billed to the public.<p>Last Action Hero is hard to describe. It's funny, it's witty, with lots of those one-liners that Arnold became so popular with, and I loved the way he constantly poked fun at his fictional character as well as his &quot;real&quot; self.
t movies you have ever seen. If you work in an office enviroment, or work in the IT sector this movie is the best. You'll particularly like the gangland beating of the office printer. <p>The story is hard to describe, but if I had to I would say that it's the story of a man on his quest to do nothing... absolutely nothing. <p>I recommend this movie if you are between 14 and 50. A little younger could watch it but
t movies you have ever seen. If you work in an office enviroment, or work in the IT sector this movie is the best. You'll particularly like the gangland beating of the office printer. <p>The story is hard to describe, but if I had to I would say that it's the story of a man on his quest to do nothing... absolutely nothing. <p>I recommend this movie if you are between 14 and 50. A little younger could watch it but
n the middle and the end, when Jon is following the mysterious blonde, and the breathtaking shots of the park, and the stunning music in the soundtrack, so bittersweet and innocent, so 1960's, and SO hard to describe in mere words. The title song sounds a lot like The Byrds. Oh, and the whole bookstore sequence is hilarious!<br /><br />I'm sure you'll love this if you're a fan of De Niro and/or De Palma. It's a s
formance as well. The opening sequence alone is worth a viewing  of this movie.  It is the greatest opening sequence I've ever seen, rivaled  only by the one from Raiders of the Lost Ark..maybe. It's hard to describe  with any one word. Watch this film and I think you will be hard put to find  another western that comes even close to being this suspenseful, moody, or  entertaining.
 boasts incredible animation, atmosphere and creativity. Ghost in a shell also has a very crisp and clear sound track and digital effects. <p>GS is quite an interesting movie, which is actually quite hard to describe plotwise without going two pages long :)<br />Its basically the matrix of anime, which has probably been said enough times to be a cliche.<br />Anyhow, be sure to catch this one, it'll be worth youre
 guy had asked about her, she doesn't know what to do - and so she winds up acting like "a total geek" every time he's around.<br /><br />There are so many other little story lines going on that it's hard to describe it all here.  Suffice it to say that there are many hysterical moments - where you laugh till your cheeks hurt - and many others where your heart goes out to this "poor teen".  It brings back SOoooo 
rprising stars like Tom Cruise and Julianne Moore wouldn't hesitate to work in this movie.  All of the characters were so well realized, that there wasn't a single storyline that left me bored.  It's hard to describe Anderson's genius in words, but all it takes is one look at his work to see it.  Look at this, Boogie Nights and Punch Drunk Love in particular for a unique movie making style.  I wish he'd churn out
review/text: Cloverfield is so unique it's so hard to describe.  It is mainly an action movie, but its artistic because it's filmed like the "Blair Witch" in first person camcorder-style.  Mix in a bit of a Godzilla movie with some demonology ie, Cthulu, from H.
review/text: I took my 7 year old son to see this movie today, and there was a point in the movie where I had "that feeling."  This is a feeling I don't often get watching a movie.  It is hard to describe it, but I know that the next time, and every other time I see that spot in the film, this thrill will return.  The last time I got that thrill was when I saw "Fellowship of the Ring," and I got to th
ir game.  The score will take you away to a different time.  The story will make you reminiscent and nostalgic of your own youth and your friendships.  This is a movie everyone should see.  Words are hard to describe its sweet pain of loss and life...MTS
review/text: This movie is hard to describe.  It's a cartoon version of a documentary of surfing penguins.  Because it tries to feel and look like a documentary, it is neither cute nor funny.  So there is no reason to see it.  Some consider it
review/text: This movie is hard to describe.  It's a cartoon version of a documentary of surfing penguins.  Because it tries to feel and look like a documentary, it is neither cute nor funny.  So there is no reason to see it.  Some consider it
review/text: I find it a little hard to describe why I like I, Robot so much. I feel drawn to the movie again and again. In a certain fashion, this is typical of the work of Alex Proyas, the director of I, Robot. Alex Proyas is probably best known 
had never seen before.  Often the focus was on objects in the room or parts of actor's bodies or faces during dialog. These altered perspectives cause the viewer to hear the words more clearly. It is hard to describe the relationship that develops between the two men except to say it is the ultimate pissing contest.  It is a relatively short film that packs a big punch.  Check it out.
your typical thriller with a twist.  Many things don't work, but plenty of them do.  You have a talented cast, a decent story, and a fair ending that isn't the greatest, but is not a total dud.  It's hard to describe the movie too much without spoiling it.  So I will simply say that a married man decides to have an affair, and that turns out to be the biggest mistake of his life in more ways than one.  This movie
ham), partners (but not the kind that "hold hands and take windy walks," as Turkish puts it) in running an illegal bare-knuckle boxing ring.<p>What follows is so fast-paced and intertwined that it is hard to describe it. [....] I loved this movie so much that I find it hard to keep it to a minimum when discussing it.  I haven't yet found a review that truly did it justice, and I'm sure I'm not doing much better. 
an I say? The 1998 version is light years ahead not for the more advanced computer technology, but the script is simply fantastic. I have read it several times. The acting is so much better that it's hard to describe. Lindsay Lohan is wonderful, enchanting, adorable. Dennis Quaid and the rest of the cast outshine everybody combined in the original release. <p>It is touching, uplifting. Every time I watch this fil
review/text: This film frightened me as a kid, when I first saw it on television, and the images stayed with me for a lifetime. There is a metaphor for pure evil in this film, although I find it hard to describe.<br /><br />The "bad alien" did not have to blast his ray gun at the woman in the swimming pool as she tried to get help. Skeletons don't swim, or float. They quietly sink to the bottom. Brrrrrrrrr!!
d the scenery is absolutely amazing. I own the soundtrack to this movie and it is a pure joy to listen to. Especially when I am walking early in the morning. The music is so beautiful. It's litreally hard to describe. It's like listening to sounds from Heaven if Heaven exists.<br /><br />As far as the story goes - We see things from the point of view of various characters. The two main ones being Confederate Gene
review/text: Audrey Hepburn is Holly Golightly. There is and was only one. It is hard to describe the attraction of this film, yet it still captivates me every time I view it. I think it has something to do with the time and place when it was made, a carefree time that exists no longer and a time
review/text: This is one of my favorite movies by Mr. Campbell. It is very similar to quite a few SiFi/Horror flicks of the early and mid sixties. It is hard to describe the fun parts of this movie without going into details and giving some of the good bits away. It is funny only in that special way Mr. Campbell has of making something dark laughable. If you are a fa
nte and Tom  Tykwer, it is absolutely riveting.<p>For all these reasons and more, see  this movie.  I love this movie so much, and I've probably seen it well over  10 times, but at the same time it's hard to describe WHY I love it.  I've  tried to do that here, but I really can't.  You are just going to have to  see it to believe it.
 guy had asked about her, she doesn't know what to do - and so she winds up acting like "a total geek" every time he's around.<br /><br />There are so many other little story lines going on that it's hard to describe it all here.  Suffice it to say that there are many hysterical moments - where you laugh till your cheeks hurt - and many others where your heart goes out to this "poor teen".  It brings back SOoooo 
those who have not read the novel will probably not understand its significance.  Then the movie ends.<br /><br />Yet another highlight of this movie is its music.  In a word, it's--beautiful.  It is hard to describe but I might call it "quiet new age."  This music seems to heighten the emotion experienced in each scene.<br /><br />Finally, you don't have to read the novel to understand this movie.  However, if y
those who have not read the novel will probably not understand its significance.  Then the movie ends.<br /><br />Yet another highlight of this movie is its music.  In a word, it's--beautiful.  It is hard to describe but I might call it "quiet new age."  This music seems to heighten the emotion experienced in each scene.<br /><br />Finally, you don't have to read the novel to understand this movie.  However, if y
nd care about him. Orlando Bloom was perfect as the wimpy and arrogant Paris that you loved to hate. But the showstopper performance would have to go to Eric Bana in his flawless role as Hector. It's hard to describe, you just have to see it.<br /><br />The best scene of the entire movie is the showdown between Achilles and Hector because Peterson directed it in a such a way that the tension is palpable. Also the
your typical thriller with a twist.  Many things don't work, but plenty of them do.  You have a talented cast, a decent story, and a fair ending that isn't the greatest, but is not a total dud.  It's hard to describe the movie too much without spoiling it.  So I will simply say that a married man decides to have an affair, and that turns out to be the biggest mistake of his life in more ways than one.  This movie
s enjoyed futuristic Sci-Fi - Do not really remember if it appeared in comic form.<br /><br />Have yet to look at disc 2 -- have thoroughly enjoyed the actors concept of their characters - it is very hard to describe the feelings invocked upon seeing that ugly old Alien Queen - the nasty Company that wanted the Alien alive - no matter who has to die in the meantime.<br /><br />Oh Yeah! those guys were in for the 
 It finally hit me one night at blockbuster what I had been neglecting throughout my teenage years, rented Alien and brought it back to my dorm to the delight of my college buddies.<br /><br />  It's hard to describe the terror and tension Ridley Scott creates in this film.  The facehugger and chestburster scenes are truly the stuff nightmares are made of, the kinds of things that make you wake up yelling and swe
review/text: DUDE! this movie was AWESOME! it was wicked funny but hard to describe. it was full of surprise and it was cool. u have to pay attention and follow along. U HAVE TO SEE THIS MOVIE!!! only one more thing to say.........................................SHIBBYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!
review/text: When I first saw Adaptation I thought it was pretty decent. Now I think it's one of the coolest movies ever. It's hard to describe what it's about, except to say that it is the story of a screenwriter trying to adapt a book about an orchid hunter, and eventually writing a script about not being able to write the screenplay about
he movie was great as well as the sounds effects were great also.<br /><br />the other con to the movie was the film angle of the zombies or how should i put it they zipped them in and out persay its hard to describe once you see the movie youll know what i mean.<br /><br />now the other con is the zombies themselves before i saw land of the dead i thought resident evil zombies were great and made perfect but whe
m with Resident Evil Apocalypse is that the camera views are awful.When you watch a fight seen you want to see the fight at a good angle and on many different angles.The views were so bad it's almost hard to describe them  but think about seeing a fight seen and the whole time the camera's focused on the person's chest the entire fight there's kicking and punching but you can't see much of the kicking or punching
he's unmasked by gallant, noble Sherlock Holmes, who helps out a lady in distress by demanding to see the leather case she keeps her sheet music in.<br /><br />Wow, have you checked it out yet?  It's hard to describe for a layman, but suffice it to say that it's a dress down which, from the shoulder seam to the bottom of her right breast, Marjorie Riordan sports a big, pop looking arrow as if Roy Lichtenstein had
he's unmasked by gallant, noble Sherlock Holmes, who helps out a lady in distress by demanding to see the leather case she keeps her sheet music in.<br /><br />Wow, have you checked it out yet?  It's hard to describe for a layman, but suffice it to say that it's a dress down which, from the shoulder seam to the bottom of her right breast, Marjorie Riordan sports a big, pop looking arrow as if Roy Lichtenstein had
review/text: this movie was so messed up from beginning to end. i didn't know what to expect after the opening scene. it's hard to describe the type of dysfunction this movie portrays, but if you have ever seen a crackhead in action arguing with another crackhead, then you might know what to expect. my friend told me about this one and i
review/text: This movie is hard to describe.  It's so funny, it puts me in tears, but it's not a typical comedy like Office Space or Anchorman or Billy Madison or whatever.  I think what strikes me about this movie is that it is so real.  The 
review/text: Someone asked me if I liked The Road, upon watching it. I had no answer. The Road is just one of those films that is too hard to describe. Is the movie good? Well, yes it is-that is a far easier question to answer. I have read the book and must say that the film really does it justice. It is bleak, dreary, utterly depressing and flawle
 to describes this movie is Amazing (with a capital "A" get it). Superman II is just an overall amazing movie and still hasn't aged after all of these years. The script is so well written, that it is hard to describe in words. It is just a fan boys dream come true and a movie that fans can watch over and over and never get tired of seeing it.<br /><br />There is just so much emotion that is put into this film, es
 and goes to see him, pretending like she's utterly happy with her new guy and her new life. But that passion between them is still there.<br /><br />There's lots of little bits to this movie so it's hard to describe in such a short space. Does everything work out? Well, sort of. I suppose it does, but I guess it really depends on how you look at. The ending is so sappy that I could've sworn someone just dumped h
 effects over CGI effects any day.  At least you don't actually see the ghost.  This movie makes you use your imagination and is pretty unpredictable.  This movie has an early '70s feel to it that is hard to describe.  Highly recommended.
. It was different from the rest, which made it stand out. There was a decent creep-factor, enough to make me jump at times. The characters were not the gung-ho "paranormal researchers"; it's kind of hard to describe, but they were not as "showy" as in other movies. The plot was simple enough: Psychologist and team were called in to examine the situation happening to a widower and his children. Strange stuff star
 but those that have seen it, say, &quot;Why wasn't this movie more popular?&quot; Maybe it was bad timing, or as some others suggested, just not correctly billed to the public.<p>Last Action Hero is hard to describe. It's funny, it's witty, with lots of those one-liners that Arnold became so popular with, and I loved the way he constantly poked fun at his fictional character as well as his &quot;real&quot; self.
review/text: Jackass the Movie is a great laugh out loud comedy and like i said before for it will make you laugh until it hurts!!!!! It really hard to describe this movie,but it is worth your time and money and after you get done renting the movie you will own this movie for your dvd collection!!!!!!
review/text: It is really hard to describe this movie, but I will try. According to Joseph Pistone, this movie is about 95% true. This movie is based on the experience of Joseph D. Pistone. In this movie he is played by Jonny Depp. Joseph wor
tman is meant to be more hidden.  Dont let those opinions stop you from watching this true work of art.  The film also has some great action scenes and a good chemistry between the actors.  Its quite hard to describe how incredible the film is.  I cant see how the original can ever be said to be better than this.
ing too expensive. Some of these strange vignettes work better than others, but all of them ring with a striking sadness about moving forward through life without all the proper pieces in place. It's hard to describe this movie accurately and without making it sound ridiculous, but afterward I felt like I'd seen something truly singular and special - and, despite the stark sadness of the themes, I still felt opti
ual flair.  From the disturbing mind of Carl which encompasses a rather surprising setpiece involving a horse, to the serene desert of a little boys mind, the sheer staggering beauty of the images is hard to describe.  But on top of this, Tarsem shows an exceptional talent for storytelling also.  He cuts between the search for the missing girl, and &quot;J.Lo&quot; searching the mind of Carl with absolute precisi
e fairy leads her, turning into a green goblin creature, which speaks like Tinkerbell. She meets Fauno inside, who's hiding from the rest of the world, and is a mix of so many different animals, it's hard to describe. She then discovers she's actually a princess, and the princess's soul has been brought back through her. But she has to complete three challenges, in order to see if she belongs with the mortals or 
, but the lead character's acting as an autistic girl was very.... weird. She came off looking more like a whiny child to me and I found her very annoying when she'd speak. I don't know, it's kind of hard to describe.<br />The movie was fine until she'd start to talk, and then it just didn't hold together.<br /><br />The fight scenes are amazing though, and the premise of the story was pretty good for what it was
, but the lead character's acting as an autistic girl was very.... weird. She came off looking more like a whiny child to me and I found her very annoying when she'd speak. I don't know, it's kind of hard to describe.<br />The movie was fine until she'd start to talk, and then it just didn't hold together.<br /><br />The fight scenes are amazing though, and the premise of the story was pretty good for what it was
t comedy ever". (Yes, there are scenes that u normaly lough at, but u just cant!!!)<br />But this movie is far beyond the sickest, most horifiying and dsturbng movie ever. It is just something that hard to describe!<p>"Funny Games" of Michael Haneke is like "Happy Days" and "Reservoir Dogs" of Tarantino is like "Snow White" when compaired to Salo!!!<p>Technically directing and acting is superior. But there is m
an I say? The 1998 version is light years ahead not for the more advanced computer technology, but the script is simply fantastic. I have read it several times. The acting is so much better that it's hard to describe. Lindsay Lohan is wonderful, enchanting, adorable. Dennis Quaid and the rest of the cast outshine everybody combined in the original release. <p>It is touching, uplifting. Every time I watch this fil
s futuristic, with the first episode based on a Las Vegas-style moon and eventually moving to a futuristic Paris later on (though I haven't yet got there in my viewing). The animation style, which is hard to describe, follows its own rules and fits in well with the setting and story. It adds a lot to the atmosphere, as well.<br /><br />I'd recommend this to all Gonzo fans, as it will, I think, turn out to be one 
n 1080p High Definition, we get a 7.1 DTS-HD Master Audio lossless soundtrack which sounds incredible!  Just the fact that the film looks and sounds better is significant.  The colors just pop!  It's hard to describe of how awesome this film looks on Blu-ray compared to previous video releases.  In the past, there was always this dreamy, hazy look to the film.  Though it was colorful, I have always thought that w
ctacle crossed with _The Matrix_-style martial arts crossed with a truly frightening horror film. You're partway there. This was such a stylish, invigorating, over-the-top mix of genres. It really is hard to describe, but by all means, go and see it. It is perhaps the best movie I've seen since _The Matrix_, which I thought was an instant classic, and a movie I've watched over and over again, never tiring of. Thi
ctacle crossed with _The Matrix_-style martial arts crossed with a truly frightening horror film. You're partway there. This was such a stylish, invigorating, over-the-top mix of genres. It really is hard to describe, but by all means, go and see it. It is perhaps the best movie I've seen since _The Matrix_, which I thought was an instant classic, and a movie I've watched over and over again, never tiring of. Thi
 her other siblings, Peter, Susan and Edmund and actually get caught up in a war: Narnians versus those loyal to the evil White Witch. And helping them out is the almighty lion Aslan.<br /><br />It's hard to describe Narnia(or Lord of the Rings or Harry Potter for that matter) without saying stuff like almighty, magical and whatnot but the nice thing about the film is that it doesn't over explain too much. One pr
review/text: I'm an avid fan of fantasy, and while it's been a number of years, I remember having the book read to me in elementary school.  The film brings to life a certain enchantment that's hard to describe in words.  The music and the assortment of Narnia's characters are the definite working charms here.  That being said, I have one major complaint: this would have been much better had it been produce
review/text: This is one of my favorite movies by Mr. Campbell. It is very similar to quite a few SiFi/Horror flicks of the early and mid sixties. It is hard to describe the fun parts of this movie without going into details and giving some of the good bits away. It is funny only in that special way Mr. Campbell has of making something dark laughable. If you are a fa
d true to their word a movie trailer.<br /><br />The film is an interesting whirlwind of exotic location shots that if nothing else shows the viewer some very interesting sites.  The musical score is hard to describe-in a sense it is eerie, but it also has an overall upbeat, 'hopeful' or optimistic tone.  I get the impression that this film was not made originally in English?  I do like the narrator's (male) voic
. It was different from the rest, which made it stand out. There was a decent creep-factor, enough to make me jump at times. The characters were not the gung-ho "paranormal researchers"; it's kind of hard to describe, but they were not as "showy" as in other movies. The plot was simple enough: Psychologist and team were called in to examine the situation happening to a widower and his children. Strange stuff star
o say much more as it may give too much away.<br /><br />Overall, a great movie.  I would have loved to have seen more Alec baldwin, but his character is very memorable in the movie.<br /><br />It is hard to describe, the movie was good but watched very much so like a play (which makes sense because it was based off of a play).<br /><br />I would say if you are into drama and liked Wall Street (the movie is about
ly good action movie topic like Alexander the Great, but it was incredibley boring.<br /><br />First of all, the dialogue is awful. And when I say awful, I mean AWFUL. Why is it awful, that's kind of hard to describe. People just randomly arguing with eachother every second for no reason in particular except to add to the drama. As well as this, everything sounds incredibly awkward. no matter what the context. It
review/text: Well, this movie is a bit hard to describe.  Any Muppet Show fans out there?  There are many paralells, which I will get to in a moment, but imagine the muppet show from the aniti-matter dimension and you'll start to get the picture.<br /><br
review/text: This was such a piece of [film] it's hard to describe.  I bought it based on the cover, thought I was getting a 'kung fu' flick, you know lots of choreographed fights, etc.  It was just a [bad] bunch of meaningless stuff strung together and called a mov
so much so that it will spark a new trend in Hollywood. It's not that the feature isn't entertaining, it is. The problem is that it is nothing more then that. The feeling this film leaves you with is hard to describe, so here's the best way one can put it: If you are at a buddy's house for a night with your best friends and the School of Rock is the film of choice, you won't exactly try to weasel everyone out of 
five minutes and continued. disc two was the same, as was disc three. Requested a replacement, which came within a WEEK; we were so happy! only to find this set of season three had the same problems. hard to describe how FRUSTRATED we were! we don't blame the merchants, but doubt if we ever purchase a product from fx network again.
D BEEN PUT TO DEATH BY THE NAZI'S!"  Subsequently through unrelenting research Simon was blessed when he found that his wife had survived and they were reunited. Later you are saddened again in a way hard to describe, when Simon and his wife decide to have a child, and realize that the child will never have a Grandmother, Grandfather, or any Aunts of Uncles. Simon said he couldn't bring himself to tell his daught
rprising stars like Tom Cruise and Julianne Moore wouldn't hesitate to work in this movie.  All of the characters were so well realized, that there wasn't a single storyline that left me bored.  It's hard to describe Anderson's genius in words, but all it takes is one look at his work to see it.  Look at this, Boogie Nights and Punch Drunk Love in particular for a unique movie making style.  I wish he'd churn out
 this review it is hard to find the words to describe this movie. it is probably one of the most powerful movies ive ever seen to say the least. but that doesnt do this movie justice. since i find it hard to describe this movie i guess this will one word pretty much sums up my feelings on this movie: INDESCRIBABLE!!!
he movie was great as well as the sounds effects were great also.<br /><br />the other con to the movie was the film angle of the zombies or how should i put it they zipped them in and out persay its hard to describe once you see the movie youll know what i mean.<br /><br />now the other con is the zombies themselves before i saw land of the dead i thought resident evil zombies were great and made perfect but whe
m with Resident Evil Apocalypse is that the camera views are awful.When you watch a fight seen you want to see the fight at a good angle and on many different angles.The views were so bad it's almost hard to describe them  but think about seeing a fight seen and the whole time the camera's focused on the person's chest the entire fight there's kicking and punching but you can't see much of the kicking or punching
 and goes to see him, pretending like she's utterly happy with her new guy and her new life. But that passion between them is still there.<br /><br />There's lots of little bits to this movie so it's hard to describe in such a short space. Does everything work out? Well, sort of. I suppose it does, but I guess it really depends on how you look at. The ending is so sappy that I could've sworn someone just dumped h
 and goes to see him, pretending like she's utterly happy with her new guy and her new life. But that passion between them is still there.<br /><br />There's lots of little bits to this movie so it's hard to describe in such a short space. Does everything work out? Well, sort of. I suppose it does, but I guess it really depends on how you look at. The ending is so sappy that I could've sworn someone just dumped h
so take a look at this. The opening starts out with a pretty good and mysterious song, along with beautifully animated sequences. What I like best is how they end each episode, thought it's extremely hard to describe because you have to see it for yourself to believe me. Near the end, the ending song starts blending in, and then you get these sudden shifts of views which basically makes me want to watch the next 
ook" different from cut to cut, and while the CG looks great as a background it looks odd when the characters are CG models (everything looks very flat, almost amateurish but with very nice shading - hard to describe). I liked watching the 2.0 cut, but I still love the original.<br /><br />As for the Blu-Ray itself:<br />Video was obviously very nice for the 2.0 version - everything was cleaned up nicely or recre
tice the lack of many of the original Mancini songs in this print (most notably, in the opening shot).<p>This is one of the rare films where none of the characters are &quot;good,&quot; although it's hard to describe any of them as completely &quot;evil,&quot; either.  Each one, even the minor characters, are fully realized and three-dimensional, which bolsters the timelessness of the story and the effectiveness 
review/text: Positive:<br />It's hard to describe this movie especially if the viewer's understanding of European settlement of the central and southern Americas is limited. A spanish matron settles into and develops a small Americas' fishing villag
in Christmas town. He was looking at everything with wonder, the snow, the elves, presents, and even Santa Clause. Later he comes back to Halloween Town to tell everyone about what he saw. But it was hard to describe.  After many expirements with Christmas he decides he wants to kidnapp Santa clause and become Santa himself. He changes his image and brings Christmas to Halloween.<br /><br />This is a great film. 
t an American guerrilla group led by one Lt Aldo Raine (Brad Pitt), who offers one of the most hilarious moments in the film when he speaks Italian with a very thick Tennessee accent.<br /><br />It's hard to describe the plot without giving away huge parts of the movie. Suffice to say the Basterds are sent across enemy lines to wreak havoc against the Nazis (which they do rather graphically). Meantime the Jew Hun
review/text: Ah....um........errr.......yeah, well, hard to describe this as it was just so off the normal zombie map.  Picked it up at WallyWorld ( you know who I mean) for $9.95 and figured, if it bites, literally, I'm only out a little.  Low budget but filmed well,
so take a look at this. The opening starts out with a pretty good and mysterious song, along with beautifully animated sequences. What I like best is how they end each episode, thought it's extremely hard to describe because you have to see it for yourself to believe me. Near the end, the ending song starts blending in, and then you get these sudden shifts of views which basically makes me want to watch the next 
l!<p>The acting is breathtakingly intense, the structure of the film is professionally carried through to perfection, and the threads just fit together in a beautiful symphony of life!<p>It really is hard to describe something this well-done, so instead I will just recommend you to see this wonderful Woody Allen creation.
review/text: This is quite a remarkable film but a little hard to describe. It condenses the essence of the Ramayana - largely from Sita's perspective, uses Henshaw's blues music from another era, and Nina's own life story from the present time. And then there's the shadow 
n 1945. So there went my theory. I guess what "Mildred Pierce" could be described as is a case of life imatating art. You have to admit, there are connections.<br /><br /> "Mildred Pierce" is kind of hard to describe. I'm afraid, if I haven't already, I'll reveal too much. But considering the fact the movie is considered a classic, many may already know the story. I'm not sure how much I should tell you. Maybe it
in the audience didn't get it.  But I've been an outspoken SpongeBob fan for years.  Hell, I'll bet I like the television show even more than my children do -- and they like it a lot.<br /><br />It's hard to describe this film, at least in a way that will do it justice.  Is it great?  In it's own twisted, surreal way, sure.  It's littered with double entendres, to be sure, and a few nautical butt cheeks, too.  I 
 films that doesn't come along much anymore.  It is not a remake or based loosely off a video game. This film is a smart, creative, original, and beautifully crafted masterpiece.  It's actually quite hard to describe because it is indeed very different.<br /><br />The script itself is largely complex at times.  Many twists and turns leave the viewer wondering what the hell is going on.  This makes The Prestige ve
ually.  Certainly wasn't too hard to look at either!<br /><br />Nolan's directing is so incredible here.  The man puts his heart in his art and it shows 100%.  The way the film is shot is also almost hard to describe because it is absolutely beautiful in every sense of the word.  The lighting and photography go beyond incredible.  The two work together  perfectly creating the slightly dark mood for the film and i
review/text: A total waste of time. The movie is very poor and is a constant disorganized jumble of hard to describe what.
review/text: Amores perros is a movie that depicts a specific (3) story of typical lives of society in Mexico city. I really like these movies that will conserve through time the culture that is hard to describe in other arts.<br />must watch for those who love to understand this culture.
ountry music writer Ken Sutherland. This is a B-ish movie with a bit of language and grittiness, but more depth than you might think for its kind. I would give it a PG rating. It's a unique movie and hard to describe. Points and emotions of the storyline are well developed, and while Savannah and family are reunited at the end, the ending is kind of unclear. Disgusted by her husband's self absorption, Savannah's 
review/text: It's hard to describe the feelings this picture inspires. James Fenimore Cooper's book was one classic I read a couple of times when I was a teenager. The archaic English and the possible improbability of the story never 
review/text: This film frightened me as a kid, when I first saw it on television, and the images stayed with me for a lifetime. There is a metaphor for pure evil in this film, although I find it hard to describe.<br /><br />The "bad alien" did not have to blast his ray gun at the woman in the swimming pool as she tried to get help. Skeletons don't swim, or float. They quietly sink to the bottom. Brrrrrrrrr!!
 the DVD. Either that or my memory is too creative. I remember it as "hilarious". This time it gave me that interior smile.<br /><br />No quality issues with disc.<br /><br />Choose Me is an amazing, hard to describe film. It starts off surreal, then scary, then surprises you with a series of revelations and blends humor into the mix as the viewer is privy to the big picture but the characters are only reacting t
review/text: It's hard to describe the feelings this picture inspires. James Fenimore Cooper's book was one classic I read a couple of times when I was a teenager. The archaic English and the possible improbability of the story never 
m starts with a gruesome murder, but quickly chops to clever cutting and pasting of a variety of scenes of black comedy, downright hilarity and impartial violence. I won't spoil the plot, but it's so hard to describe I think that'd be difficult anyway. This film doesn't have a twist in it's plot, rather the entire film is constructed of spins and contradictions that keep you guessing two paces behind the screenpl
review/text: Amores perros is a movie that depicts a specific (3) story of typical lives of society in Mexico city. I really like these movies that will conserve through time the culture that is hard to describe in other arts.<br />must watch for those who love to understand this culture.
 need to read any further.<p>"DTF" is the movie version of "The Red Green Show," a CBC production shown only on PBS stations in the US (and on CBC, if your cable or satellite system carries it). It's hard to describe in a few words, other than to say it's about the "inadequacy" of the human male, while also conveying an implicit misogyny, in a Zoroastrian sort of way. Though "Home Improvement" starts from roughly
ough About You."  Great piano intro and guitar solo, peppy vocals, heavy-duty drum accents, energy level off the scales, and fantastic audience response.<br /><br />Diana Krall wields a power that is hard to describe.  Her voice, her command over the nuance of each song, and her persona are surpassed only by the incredible sexiness of her piano playing.  Her solos are great but listen also to the way she accompan
re. You have to sort of watch the others and this back to back to see the difference. I just find his verbal scenes in this one a lot less satisfying, the Hannibal signature is starting to lack. It's hard to describe.<br /><br />2. The new main character, Edward Norton, is a great actor HOWEVER he does not fit this role nearly as well as his predecessors. He just doesn't have it. He's a fantastic actor in other m
review/text: This is easily the WORST MOVIE I have ever seen. It's slow, pointless, and B O R I N G! There is almost zero plot, so it's hard to describe this movie to someone who has not seen it. At one point in the movie, Hoffman has Phoenix go back and forth in a room touching 2 walls, while asking him to describe what he feels. This scene lasts fo
review/text: This is one of my favorite movies by Mr. Campbell. It is very similar to quite a few SiFi/Horror flicks of the early and mid sixties. It is hard to describe the fun parts of this movie without going into details and giving some of the good bits away. It is funny only in that special way Mr. Campbell has of making something dark laughable. If you are a fa
not everyone will like this movie, but the ones with artistic heart will taste the flavor of a fantastic production.  It's bizarre, it's different, it's so many things at the same time, that it is so hard to describe.  You will have to pay atention to understand the meaning and that's just one of the good sides.  This isn't a hollywood mega hit movie, but it have so much potential thanks to it's poetic feeling, t
hat space into Neo and Smith getting it on in some way shape or form. The screenplay should have been revised from the start instead of plowing so much money into the Zion action sequence. It is very hard to describe what an utter disappointment this film was. It could possibly be one of worst mega-budget pictures ever made. Fans will feel downright conned. Those who are looking for popcorn fodder will probably f
review/text: It is very hard to describe this film in any common terms.<p>This is not simply an ultra-fab rock n' roll romp nor is it a dry piece of youthful corruption and ambiguous art-nouveau. <p>Hedwig is a wildly fun and smirkingly cyn
twist and turns but there is a problem with it. As much as I enjoy Mamet's work, I'm not a push over for him. I'll call it like I see it. And the final act of the film is slightly disappointing. It's hard to describe without spoiling the film, so my statements may seem vague, but after you've seen the movie you'll unerstand. The resolution to the movie is not handled in the manner I felt it should be. Here we hav
review/text: American History X is very hard to describe into words, for me at least. A white man goes to prison after killing a black man that was trying to steal his fathers car. One catch: the man is part of the local skinhead movement. He's the youth l
aintings and early computer graphics, the progressive sequence of art within them sneaks in the history of dialogue-free storytelling.<br /><br />ANIMATED? REALLY?<br /><br />The look of the movie is hard to describe. In one scene, when WALL-E and EVE are investigating a piece of bubble wrap, you can't tell it is an animated film. It actually appears to be live-action. Likewise, the outer space scenes have the sa
like Napoleon Dynamite in that it's not a movie for everyone.  It's violent but in a cartoonish way.  Also, it is subtitled and I know some people don't want to have to read subtitles.  It's honestly hard to describe.  It is a kung fu movie and a comedyand a love story and a morality play and a live action cartoon all in one.  It's one of those movies that you will either love or you'll hate.  I loved it!
e decides to choose another, resulting in similar scenarios.  Obviously this is a visual gag, so much will be lost reading about it here.  There's so much overall nuttiness going on in this film it's hard to describe it, but if you dig on zany Three Stooges antics, you'll probably enjoy this feature.  Hardcore film fans may also get a kick out of the film as there's plenty of references to other films, in particu
 Raimi drives everything with his unique direction that places the action somewhere between a horror and a cartoon. It has great camera work, frantic shots and a real flair for the unreal; it is very hard to describe but it can be seen it many of his films.<br /><br />Campbell's ongoing cult status has only been helped recently by Bubba Ho-tep but this is where it basically began and part II only sees his continu
review/text: It's is hard to describe this film in words!!! Everything about this film is amazing, stylish, and plainly eye candy with each action scene eclipsing the last. This film is based on the comic book series called "Sin City", a
t movies you have ever seen. If you work in an office enviroment, or work in the IT sector this movie is the best. You'll particularly like the gangland beating of the office printer. <p>The story is hard to describe, but if I had to I would say that it's the story of a man on his quest to do nothing... absolutely nothing. <p>I recommend this movie if you are between 14 and 50. A little younger could watch it but
review/text: This movie ... is hard to describe.  In one sense, it's frightening because when you consider the "real" news headlines of our times..., the sort of thing that takes place in this movie does not seem far fetched.<br /><br />There are 
review/text: Any Given Sunday (DVD) is a &quot;pro&quot; football film experience that is hard to describe in typed words. I have watched it many times and affirm that it really gets one &quot;ready for some football&quot;. The story is a collection of mini-stories, all woven into the tapestry of professi
review/text: It is really hard to describe this movie, but I will try. According to Joseph Pistone, this movie is about 95% true. This movie is based on the experience of Joseph D. Pistone. In this movie he is played by Jonny Depp. Joseph wor
he score was used later as a full song on the soundtrack titled "Angel". With NINish drums and a hollow flute like melody this song encapsulates the feel of this movie better than anything else. It's hard to describe exactly how it does, but listen and you might get it. The final scene of the movie is an overhead shot of Mathilda that rises up to the New York skyline. This is accompanied by the song "Shape of My 
review/text: This movie ... is hard to describe.  In one sense, it's frightening because when you consider the "real" news headlines of our times..., the sort of thing that takes place in this movie does not seem far fetched.<br /><br />There are 
review/text: This is a movie that drips with cheese.<br />Silly special effects, basic plot, one dimensional characters.<br /><br />And it's one of my favorite movies of all time.<br /><br />It's hard to describe why I like this movie so much. Maybe it's because I grew up watching Kung Fu Theater as a kid, and so have a special place in my heart for bad effects with guys flying around on wires and the like.<b
review/text: SMILEY'S PEOPLE continues the series begun in SOLDIER, SAILOR, TINKER, SPY, so do your self a favor and buy them both.  It's hard to describe the plot of this series without giving away clues from the prior series, but suffice it to say, in SP George Smiley continues his "cleanup" of operations at the Circus.<br /><br />Several of the acto
 boasts incredible animation, atmosphere and creativity. Ghost in a shell also has a very crisp and clear sound track and digital effects. <p>GS is quite an interesting movie, which is actually quite hard to describe plotwise without going two pages long :)<br />Its basically the matrix of anime, which has probably been said enough times to be a cliche.<br />Anyhow, be sure to catch this one, it'll be worth youre
review/text: The DVD showed all the high lights. Game 6 was the best the people where tenis in the game. When the final home was hit it was hard to describe but was great.
i-fi sleeper &quot;This Island Earth&quot;  We watch them as they watch the movie, ad-libbing the entire script.  The original dialogues are left in, so the result is a text within a text.  A concept hard to describe, and even harder not to enjoy.
review/text: It's hard to describe the gamut of situations and emotions this "comedy" provides. Yes, it is a dog picture. But it's also a thoughts-about-life picture, and there are a number of lives crossing paths here. Winn-Dixie is 
review/text: It's hard to describe the gamut of situations and emotions this "comedy" provides. Yes, it is a dog picture. But it's also a thoughts-about-life picture, and there are a number of lives crossing paths here. Winn-Dixie is 
tman is meant to be more hidden.  Dont let those opinions stop you from watching this true work of art.  The film also has some great action scenes and a good chemistry between the actors.  Its quite hard to describe how incredible the film is.  I cant see how the original can ever be said to be better than this.
<br />The soundtrack ranges from the otherworldly to Eskimo throat singing. (You've got to hear it)<br />It is a very dark comedy but has a surprisingly light touch and a goofy feel-good style. It is hard to describe. It is like "Crossroads" meets "Road Warrior" but everybody is already dead.
<br />The soundtrack ranges from the otherworldly to Eskimo throat singing. (You've got to hear it)<br />It is a very dark comedy but has a surprisingly light touch and a goofy feel-good style. It is hard to describe. It is like "Crossroads" meets "Road Warrior" but everybody is already dead.
hannyn Sossamon is delightful, the appearance of Tom Waits is always fun, and there's a wonderful turn from Shea Whigham, who centers most everything with guidance, wisdom and reckless behavior. It's hard to describe, but it's a terrific lesson against teen suicide, a subject that could be very un-PC, if not in the hands of visionary Dukic. Not for everyone, but a fun ride for those adventurous souls who apprecia
 the most ingenious, original, refreshing horror films ever. Psychologically disturbing, supernaturally haunting, and bloody and violent and grotesque in the most brilliant way.<br /><br />It is very hard to describe this film without giving away any of the plot, and some on here have done that (or have tried), and to do so would ruin the film for those who haven't seen it. For the whole point of the film is the 
one of the most ingenious, original, refreshing horror films ever. Psychologically disturbing, supernaturally haunting, and bloody and violent and grotesque in the most brilliant way.<br />It is very hard to describe this film without giving away any of the plot, and some on here have done that (or have tried), and to do so would ruin the film for those who haven't seen it. For the whole point of the film is the 
review/text: It's hard to describe this movie - campy, yes, strange, definitely unsettling.  But it's the John Massari score that stands out for me.  I'm pleased to see that the soundtrack for Killer Klowns is now available.  It's wor
review/text: This movie is really hard to describe. First of all, Michael Caine did a  fine job but his performance didn't strike me as oscar caliber. Secondly,  the movie seemed a bit to preachy about the pros and cons of abortion.  Third, the sex s
review/text: 'August Rush' is, as best, hard to describe. It's not a musical, but it's a movie about music, where music forms the emotional backbone of the story. It's not a fantasy, but the story it tells has elements that can only be described as fantast
o say much more as it may give too much away.<br /><br />Overall, a great movie.  I would have loved to have seen more Alec baldwin, but his character is very memorable in the movie.<br /><br />It is hard to describe, the movie was good but watched very much so like a play (which makes sense because it was based off of a play).<br /><br />I would say if you are into drama and liked Wall Street (the movie is about
os are confronted. And sometimes this subtlety can be even more powerful.<br /><br />In Bad Education Almod&oacute;var tackles paedophile priests and the tragic effects on one boy in particular. It's hard to describe the non-linear plot which has you trying to work out exactly what's real, what's fiction, and who's who, without giving too much away. Half the fun of the film is piecing the parts together. But it's
rprising stars like Tom Cruise and Julianne Moore wouldn't hesitate to work in this movie.  All of the characters were so well realized, that there wasn't a single storyline that left me bored.  It's hard to describe Anderson's genius in words, but all it takes is one look at his work to see it.  Look at this, Boogie Nights and Punch Drunk Love in particular for a unique movie making style.  I wish he'd churn out
review/text: I bought both of his DVDs and gave them away and had to buy another set for my library. It is hard to describe how funny Dunham and his characters are.
review/text: They just don't make movies like this anymore.  Maybe because of a lack of great actors like Paul Newman, or maybe because it might not appeal to the main-stream audience.  This movie is hard to describe because so little happens in it, and yet, things are constantly going on.  It seemed a little sluggish to me, but, it kept me entertained at the same time.  Maybe it was made like that to demonstrate
many people would like to get their hands on.  In his pursuit of Van Meer,  McCrea meets Carol Fisher (Laraine Day) whose father (Herbert Marshall) is  in charge of a world peace organization.  It is hard to describe the movie  without giving away too much of the plot, but the closer McCrea gets to the  truth, the more the enemy tries to eliminate him.  There are the usual  Hitchcock characters who are not what t
 than that? The characters are also people you actually care about. Kurt Russell and Spader do an excellent job in the film. Overall, this film is another that to be seen to be believed. It really is hard to describe and has to be seen!
d to portray the 40 passengers and crew members are each to be applauded separately (and collectively), in my personal opinion, for their realistic and spot-on performances in this movie. It's really hard to describe how good this whole cast is. All of the performances from the men and women who share this cast roster will move you to tears. The terror on board that aircraft is so real during this movie, it's not
ew/text: Yellowbeard is memorable largely for being Marty Feldman's last movie.  He died of a heart attack induced by shellfish poisoning in Mexico City while filming it.  The film itself is a little hard to describe - think "Treasure Island" crossed with "Wizard of Oz" while tripping on especially bad 'shrooms.  The comedy is awesome right up until the last 10 minutes when the writers started to sober up and hav
ed "smoke signals".  Normally, I don't bother with these recommendations from Amazon, but this time (on a whim) I bought "Pow Wow Highway" and I am so glad I did!<br /><br />Being part Cherokee, it's hard to describe the mix of feelings this film brought out in me.  This feeling was only enhanced by the powerful use of Robbie Robertson's "fallen angel" in the scenes with Filbert.  Knowing the song very well, and 
review/text: I find it a little hard to describe why I like I, Robot so much. I feel drawn to the movie again and again. In a certain fashion, this is typical of the work of Alex Proyas, the director of I, Robot. Alex Proyas is probably best known 
y Fred's complete lack of morals still make me snicker even though I can pretty much recite the entire movie by memory. Luckily, Ben and Fred's opposing natures make them a good team.<br /><br />It's hard to describe, but the movie seems packed with events even though not much is happening in it. There's a trio of goons who want to rob a bank with Johnny's help, but it kind of pales to the impending peril of John
review/text: It is hard to describe this movie because it brings out so many emotions. Without going into the story (you can read that already} let me just say, on the negative side, that it was a little difficult to understand in some
e fairy leads her, turning into a green goblin creature, which speaks like Tinkerbell. She meets Fauno inside, who's hiding from the rest of the world, and is a mix of so many different animals, it's hard to describe. She then discovers she's actually a princess, and the princess's soul has been brought back through her. But she has to complete three challenges, in order to see if she belongs with the mortals or 
>Based on the Cormac McCarthy novel, the Coens do a good job of adapting his material to film. (Much better than Billy Bob did in the past, at least.) It's certainly an odd film to watch (and equally hard to describe), but a powerful one nonetheless. The use of silence in the movie is a testament to how well the Coens understand their craft; rarely do you see any film using silence to this degree pull it off so d
review/text: Imagine a Kurosawa film with hip-hop attitude (thanks in part to the absolutely fantastic soundtrack by RZA).  I found it hard to describe for friends in terms of genres; it moves far too slow for an action movie, too much violence and death for a character study; further confused by infrequent touches of comic genius;  it comes off on 
review/text: It's kind of hard to describe why I loved this movie; I shouldn't be surprised at all to find that I appreciated a Pixar or Brad Bird movie so much, but considering that it stars one of the more disgusting and vile creatures on t
 guy had asked about her, she doesn't know what to do - and so she winds up acting like "a total geek" every time he's around.<br /><br />There are so many other little story lines going on that it's hard to describe it all here.  Suffice it to say that there are many hysterical moments - where you laugh till your cheeks hurt - and many others where your heart goes out to this "poor teen".  It brings back SOoooo 
they are revealed in the entire ambience Hitch successfully creates: The dreamy settings entrance you and pull you into their spell; The film's key images haunt you long after the film is over. It is hard to describe the power Vertigo contains: It ought simply to be experienced; Let its themes and images and sounds wash over you.<p>When I am drawn back to the film, it is precisely because of that sense of yearnin
es.  It's a real workout!  5)  I felt really "centered" after doing this Yoga DVD.  It sounds unusually, but I experienced a sense of "clarity" that you don't normally get from cardio workouts.  It's hard to describe, but it's like "inner peace".  I felt more mentally focused.  6)  I felt so relaxed!  All the tension and stress I normally carry in my body and mind just disappeared.  In fact, I never knew how much
t something about three crazy guys running over to the wash basins to 'sterilize' their hands, and then going around in a circle, drying their hands on the coat of the person in front of them...yeah, hard to describe.<br />  So it's not the best I've seen them do, but it's great.  I have an idea: I think MGM should release a dvd with all of their funny scenes on it.  That way we could just watch it and laugh, wit
en pretty meaningless).  Live, or on the video, it's a nice touch.<br /><br />The sound is Dolby 2.0 stereo.  The picture quality is generally good, but on my  copy at least, there are some oddities, hard to describe.  The picture in general is in the 4:3 aspect ratio of a standard TV, but in the Santo there is a part where the centre of the picture is in colour, but the top and bottom are in black-and-white!  In
 Hong Kong cinema ('boxer' is the closest word to what the Chinese use to describe a martial arts practitioner). The 'boxer's world' concept doesn't have a Western equivilent concept, and is a little hard to describe. Its basically that if you devote your whole life to martial arts and the pursuit of perfection in it, you have no time for 'real world' type of living. Its almost as if you have two different worlds
review/text: This movie is hard to describe.  Very enjoyable, not boring, not an average love story...just great.  Enjoy it!
formance as well. The opening sequence alone is worth a viewing  of this movie.  It is the greatest opening sequence I've ever seen, rivaled  only by the one from Raiders of the Lost Ark..maybe. It's hard to describe  with any one word. Watch this film and I think you will be hard put to find  another western that comes even close to being this suspenseful, moody, or  entertaining.
review/text: Ah....um........errr.......yeah, well, hard to describe this as it was just so off the normal zombie map.  Picked it up at WallyWorld ( you know who I mean) for $9.95 and figured, if it bites, literally, I'm only out a little.  Low budget but filmed well,
review/text: This is a very interesting and touching documentary. The story behind Arlington and the dedication of those who guard the unknown soldier stir the emotions in a way that is hard to describe. I saw this on T.V. and knew it was something I would want to watch again and again. It should be seen by every student in America.
ailable and we watched the first 4 and M/R again (my friend had to go and buy the rest too).  We save them for our Friday night movie nights and now I'm sad that we've watched them all.  It's kind of hard to describe how they grow on you, but they do and are really great!  We joke about naming our next pet (or child if there would be another) Horatio - how he's our "hero" - he's someone for both the men and women
lm features an Oscar-Winning screenplay, superb acting from Kate Hudson, Patrick Fugit, and Billy Crudup, and a story you will never forget.  There is so much to appreciate about this film that it is hard to describe it without rambling on and on.  So, bottom line: See this film!
ife.  Surprisingly, there is very little gore involved, much less than I had expected.  Zalman King's performance is fairly odd and discordant, along with the delivery of a lot of his dialogue.  It's hard to describe, but I had the feeling he seemed always just of out sync with the film, creating a bizarre element that would normally work against a picture, but here, it seemed to complement the plot as it unravel
re. A car is the star of the film, a very jealous and vengeful one at that. Man, that sounds silly but, if you're reading this you have probably watched the movie so no sense going into details. It's hard to describe the story in a paragraph without it sounding stupid....but it's not. Maybe the quickest way to explain it is that it is about a car that is alive, like a human, and you mess with it, you pay!<br /><b
review/text: I bought this a few years ago, used it for awhile then stopped. This week, I began working with it again and noticed immediately that my inner energy was activating - it's hard to describe but I definitely felt sensations that were different from what you feel when you are exercising, although of course I felt the physical sensations too.<br />This is a calm and peaceful intro to the S
hi worships and finds solace and peace in (despite his wretched life). The tracks we get to hear (I think there's only about four or five) are just amazingly... beautiful. They're so poetic that it's hard to describe, but Lily's voice is so... magnetic and strong. I could listen to the tracks over and over again and not get bored of them AT ALL (they're that absorbing).<br /><br />The movie shows so realistically
s. And this may be the reason why the drama depicted in this movie seems rather new. The film maker is a young Chinese man, very competent, technically skilled, but there is something missing that is hard to describe. It is perhaps the lack of insight on why the Japanese invaded China and massacred civilians during that period, I really don't know. Overall, the narrative tone is very depressive, and left me not l
s. And this may be the reason why the drama depicted in this movie seems rather new. The film maker is a young Chinese man, very competent, technically skilled, but there is something missing that is hard to describe. It is perhaps the lack of insight on why the Japanese invaded China and massacred civilians during that period, I really don't know. Overall, the narrative tone is very depressive, and left me not l
tman is meant to be more hidden.  Dont let those opinions stop you from watching this true work of art.  The film also has some great action scenes and a good chemistry between the actors.  Its quite hard to describe how incredible the film is.  I cant see how the original can ever be said to be better than this.
n 1945. So there went my theory. I guess what "Mildred Pierce" could be described as is a case of life imatating art. You have to admit, there are connections.<br /><br /> "Mildred Pierce" is kind of hard to describe. I'm afraid, if I haven't already, I'll reveal too much. But considering the fact the movie is considered a classic, many may already know the story. I'm not sure how much I should tell you. Maybe it
an say is, it is worth watching, because depending on how you view movies, you may really enjoy this. Basically it is one of those movies that I think you just have to see for yourself, because it is hard to describe how it's great and bad at the same time without you having seen it.
good time chewing the scenery and overacting to extreme levels.<br /><br />Of course, that also means that like other reviewers have noted, there are a few scenes that just fall flat.<br /><br />It's hard to describe this movie and in many ways harder to rate it.  Even in the extra about the movie the one director admits that four different men directed different segments, there were rewrites up to the last minut
t an American guerrilla group led by one Lt Aldo Raine (Brad Pitt), who offers one of the most hilarious moments in the film when he speaks Italian with a very thick Tennessee accent.<br /><br />It's hard to describe the plot without giving away huge parts of the movie. Suffice to say the Basterds are sent across enemy lines to wreak havoc against the Nazis (which they do rather graphically). Meantime the Jew Hun
t an American guerrilla group led by one Lt Aldo Raine (Brad Pitt), who offers one of the most hilarious moments in the film when he speaks Italian with a very thick Tennessee accent.<br /><br />It's hard to describe the plot without giving away huge parts of the movie. Suffice to say the Basterds are sent across enemy lines to wreak havoc against the Nazis (which they do rather graphically). Meantime the Jew Hun
ound absolutely fascinating especially since I had never heard of the cave before even though it's a relatively recent find. The drawings are wonderful to see! Then it turned very peculiar. It's even hard to describe. It's some kind of French new-age speculation about modern mankind connecting with prehistoric artists through these drawings which are "actually" dreams. Was interesting but not worth the money.
t an American guerrilla group led by one Lt Aldo Raine (Brad Pitt), who offers one of the most hilarious moments in the film when he speaks Italian with a very thick Tennessee accent.<br /><br />It's hard to describe the plot without giving away huge parts of the movie. Suffice to say the Basterds are sent across enemy lines to wreak havoc against the Nazis (which they do rather graphically). Meantime the Jew Hun
he score was used later as a full song on the soundtrack titled "Angel". With NINish drums and a hollow flute like melody this song encapsulates the feel of this movie better than anything else. It's hard to describe exactly how it does, but listen and you might get it. The final scene of the movie is an overhead shot of Mathilda that rises up to the New York skyline. This is accompanied by the song "Shape of My 
ham), partners (but not the kind that "hold hands and take windy walks," as Turkish puts it) in running an illegal bare-knuckle boxing ring.<p>What follows is so fast-paced and intertwined that it is hard to describe it. [....] I loved this movie so much that I find it hard to keep it to a minimum when discussing it.  I haven't yet found a review that truly did it justice, and I'm sure I'm not doing much better. 
ue.<br /><br />  With a total of 11 performances not including the encore, the duration of the DVD is about two hours long.  With each performance ranging around 10-20 minutes each.<br /><br />  It's hard to describe in words how visually stunning this concert is.<br />  One major point of enjoying this DVD is the different camera angles.  From all sides, up and down, angles, close-ups.  You're literally right th
review/text: it's hard to describe how bad this DVD is. i will never get back the $15.00 i paid for it. and donating it to the library is out of the question, because i wouldn't want to discourage anyone from learning bass...
review/text: This film is uniquely beautiful, especially in high definition.  Its hard to describe it justly, but its almost a visual meditation - no narration or dialog, just a stream of consciousness showing scenes of nature and of mankind, both striking and beautiful.  Its quite a visual feast 
erwards that you truly experienced a global tour.<p>Baraka begins at a rather cautious pace, and as each scene passes by your vision, the intensity and depth slowly but steadily increases. It's a bit hard to describe, but I feel in a way that it causes the viewer to look inward at his/her own view of what the world is about and what life means. In a way, it compells you to ask yourself some deep questions. Make s
 acquire a Blu-ray player.". Most reviews before this date 10-30-08 are most likely for the DVD version. I have a 47 inch LG LCD 1080p tv and a brand new Panasonic DMP-DB35 Blu-ray disk player. It is hard to describe how good this movie looks on my TV. The movie has no dialog and is a series of scenes from around the world set to music. There is no computer animation in this movie but the movie was recorded on 65
character. In his early life, he's dumb but not that dumb. But through parts of his later life (like the 60's) he's suddenly smart and aware of things, especially after meeting Elvis. Cox is somewhat hard to describe but he's mostly simple and kind, often trying to do the right things for his family and make music, as he loves to do, but often gets caught up in "the Temptations." I guess I'm saying that his chara
 of all time.  I've never been so engrossed in a show as I was with this one.  I'm not really into the whole magic/freak show thing, but this show doesn't have anything to do with that.  It is really hard to describe as it is a mix of fantasy/reality, love/hate, faith/satanism.  You just have to try it.<br /><br />I've never been so sad to see a series end.  Please HBO, BRING THIS SHOW BACK!
n, this is not always a bad thing), it was refreshing to see something that challenged us to the core like "Carnivale" did.  At long last, the second season has found its home on DVD.<br /><br />It's hard to describe such a show without giving too much away, but I will do my best.  The first season left off with Ben Hawkins (an unlikely savior and healer) and Brother Justin (a man who once served religion has now
ll that said I really liked this and the acting was fantastic. Patton Oswalt was great in this and I hope he gets more work like this character. I recommend this, but unless you have seen "Juno" it's hard to describe the comedy. Overall, a really good comedy that makes you laugh but feels weird when you do. I give it an A-.
own, it's a bit too long , and probably would've restored some poignancy. The other thing that I found surprisingly lacking, was it never really felt like Pitt's character was engaging...It's kind of hard to describe, but you never got to see any clever or interesting or unique dialogue that would lead his wife and Swinton's characters to gravitate to him...maybe the idea was they just picked up on his 'specialne
review/text: This is one of my favorite movies by Mr. Campbell. It is very similar to quite a few SiFi/Horror flicks of the early and mid sixties. It is hard to describe the fun parts of this movie without going into details and giving some of the good bits away. It is funny only in that special way Mr. Campbell has of making something dark laughable. If you are a fa
 made of cards too, like the funny skirts a few dancers are wearing while they try to amuse the depressed prince. This is a mercurial and colorful production. There is never a dull moment. It is very hard to describe it. It really should be seen!<br /><br />The musical side of the production is no less successful. St&eacute;phane Den&egrave;ve (a name new to me) conducts the Rotterdam Philharmonic Orchestra. In a
review/text: There was a time when video games were so graphically simple it's hard to describe why they appealed to us.  But they did; we'd never had anything like them.  I know I spent hours putting quarters into astroids and centipede.  The basis of this movie starts here, with Alex, a kid f
 passionate about him.  Speaking for myself, it is not because he started Pink Floyd, not because he was part of "swinging London," and not because I think doing acid is cool.  It really is something hard to describe but a bit of the Peter Pan thing.  Within Syd's best work is a very pure, sometimes innocent and other times mischievous, hearkening to childhood.  I'm not talking about the literal subject matter of
review/text: It's kind of hard to describe why I loved this movie; I shouldn't be surprised at all to find that I appreciated a Pixar or Brad Bird movie so much, but considering that it stars one of the more disgusting and vile creatures on t
 and goes to see him, pretending like she's utterly happy with her new guy and her new life. But that passion between them is still there.<br /><br />There's lots of little bits to this movie so it's hard to describe in such a short space. Does everything work out? Well, sort of. I suppose it does, but I guess it really depends on how you look at. The ending is so sappy that I could've sworn someone just dumped h
review/text: I had the definite fortune of seeing this film for the first time as a midnight show in an actual theater many years ago. I'd been a Beatlemaniac for several years, and it is hard to describe the feeling of actually seeing and hearing live, moving Beatles after seeing b&w stills of the movie for years in magazines, etc.<br />This film remains staunchly in my top 10 movies of all time, bar
review/text: I had the definite fortune of seeing this film for the first time as a midnight show in an actual theater many years ago. I'd been a Beatlemaniac for several years, and it is hard to describe the feeling of actually seeing and hearing live, moving Beatles after seeing b&w stills of the movie for years in magazines, etc.<br />This film remains staunchly in my top 10 movies of all time, bar
ountry music writer Ken Sutherland. This is a B-ish movie with a bit of language and grittiness, but more depth than you might think for its kind. I would give it a PG rating. It's a unique movie and hard to describe. Points and emotions of the storyline are well developed, and while Savannah and family are reunited at the end, the ending is kind of unclear. Disgusted by her husband's self absorption, Savannah's 
n 1080p High Definition, we get a 7.1 DTS-HD Master Audio lossless soundtrack which sounds incredible!  Just the fact that the film looks and sounds better is significant.  The colors just pop!  It's hard to describe of how awesome this film looks on Blu-ray compared to previous video releases.  In the past, there was always this dreamy, hazy look to the film.  Though it was colorful, I have always thought that w
you missed the first time through. So what makes it so special? It just has "it". The quirky charm. A rare film that delivers the promised goods. Memorable characters in unforgetable situations. It's hard to describe what "it" is, but you know "it" when you see "it".<br /><br />Bonus materials are plentiful and (amazingly) actually entertaining. I can't tell you how many deluxe edition DVDs I bought for the speci
e; this is NOT a science fiction movie at heart, but an intense and accurate look at humanity.<br /><br />So accurate, really, that it makes me feel like a new person  after every time I see it; it's hard to describe, but it's as if for a brief period of time, I see everything in the world clearly and know exactly where my role is.<br /><br />Everything in this movie actually DOES make sense. I've watched it thre
be good guys shocked me in all honesty.Disgusting gross hilarious and freaky.This movie is what you would call... an EXPERIENCE yeahhh Ill just put it like that.This is one of those movies thats very hard to describe but if you are interested in an insane society groteseque gory and disgusting imagery then this movie is right up your alley.
o ELP.<br />The 'making of' video is a nice addition - explaining how this all come about.  I don't know if ELP will do anything like this concert again, but I thank them for doing this DVD.  It's so hard to describe their music and performance to those who have never experienced it.  It was great to see all varied ages in the audience - and all seemed to be very serious fans.<br />Technically, the video was well
characters associated with urban streets. Not real world versions of these people, however. Nightmare versions.<br /><br />I could try and get into the plot a bit more specifically, but it's honestly hard to describe. Here's a little: Joey is a mob errand boy who fails to dispose of a gun properly, and neighbor boy Oleg steals it, then proceeds to shoot his crazy father with it. He runs off and Joey has to catch 
review/text: It's hard to describe `Romance and Cigarettes' without sounding weird or schmaltzy, but it's a rock solid romantic comedy that's driven by its offbeat dialogue and characters.  Produced by the Coen Brothers, but directed 
review/text: It is really hard to describe this movie, but I will try. According to Joseph Pistone, this movie is about 95% true. This movie is based on the experience of Joseph D. Pistone. In this movie he is played by Jonny Depp. Joseph wor
were some great fight scenes, which Matt Damon was quite good in.  The plot was superb with very little/to no holes in it.  It was both intriguing and suspenseful and had and ambiance about it that's hard to describe.  The superb cinematography was partially responsible for this but what I think added to the feel and really brought this movie to life was the musical score!  It did everything a good score does.  I
ers in the foreground with an open field of heartland America in the background. I finally got to see HOOSIERS on video and I am sure glad that I did. This is one of my all-time favorite movies. It's hard to describe but this movie is what America is all about. Great performances, photography and a brilliantly emotionally charged score composed by Jerry Goldsmith contribute to the success of this film. One critic
ers in the foreground with an open field of heartland America in the background. I finally got to see HOOSIERS on video and I am sure glad that I did. This is one of my all-time favorite movies. It's hard to describe but this movie is what America is all about. Great performances, photography and a brilliantly emotionally charged score composed by Jerry Goldsmith contribute to the success of this film. One critic
ers in the foreground with an open field of heartland America in the background. I finally got to see HOOSIERS on video and I am sure glad that I did. This is one of my all-time favorite movies. It's hard to describe but this movie is what America is all about. Great performances, photography and a brilliantly emotionally charged score composed by Jerry Goldsmith contribute to the success of this film. One critic
review/text: This is my favourite American film of all time. The imagery, acting, soundtrack, all were flawless. It's hard to describe what I found so appealing, you'd really have to see it.<br />Unlike many drug movies, you'd notice how nothing is glamourised, just strikingly honest. There are real consequences for everyone. The ma
6'8&quot; since he had to look up to him. Jimmy Stewart's subtle, thoughtful performance gives a surreal quality to a film that feels mostly like a well done stage play, but has an edge to it that is hard to describe and should be experienced by any movie lover or person interested in thinking about life, familiy, and one's view of reality. A must for the DVD collection.
review/text: This movie is hard to describe.  It's so funny, it puts me in tears, but it's not a typical comedy like Office Space or Anchorman or Billy Madison or whatever.  I think what strikes me about this movie is that it is so real.  The 
l!<p>The acting is breathtakingly intense, the structure of the film is professionally carried through to perfection, and the threads just fit together in a beautiful symphony of life!<p>It really is hard to describe something this well-done, so instead I will just recommend you to see this wonderful Woody Allen creation.
review/text: ...to a pinnacle of achievement.  It's hard to describe Buffy the Vampire Slayer's transition from the first season, which establishes a solid framework for a really good TV show, to the second, which knocks the framework down and transcends to TV greatne
>Based on the Cormac McCarthy novel, the Coens do a good job of adapting his material to film. (Much better than Billy Bob did in the past, at least.) It's certainly an odd film to watch (and equally hard to describe), but a powerful one nonetheless. The use of silence in the movie is a testament to how well the Coens understand their craft; rarely do you see any film using silence to this degree pull it off so d
they are revealed in the entire ambience Hitch successfully creates: The dreamy settings entrance you and pull you into their spell; The film's key images haunt you long after the film is over. It is hard to describe the power Vertigo contains: It ought simply to be experienced; Let its themes and images and sounds wash over you.<p>When I am drawn back to the film, it is precisely because of that sense of yearnin
review/text: Really good inspiring story.  I have watched this a few times now and it really just gives a you a feeling inside that hard to describe.  Its a very exposing documentary with no acting or false stories.  Its just a pure a story as you will ever see.
review/text: Really good inspiring story.  I have watched this a few times now and it really just gives a you a feeling inside that hard to describe.  Its a very exposing documentary with no acting or false stories.  Its just a pure a story as you will ever see.
in the audience didn't get it.  But I've been an outspoken SpongeBob fan for years.  Hell, I'll bet I like the television show even more than my children do -- and they like it a lot.<br /><br />It's hard to describe this film, at least in a way that will do it justice.  Is it great?  In it's own twisted, surreal way, sure.  It's littered with double entendres, to be sure, and a few nautical butt cheeks, too.  I 
 film doesn't go the way you'd expect with a psychopathic or possessed child. Writer/director Paul Solet is a little more inventive, yet it's his script that is one of the film's weakest points. It's hard to describe what the problem is exactly, as Grace moves at a slow pace yet the film sort of jumps right into the story and begins piling on the twists. It's strange but it doesn't feel like Solet had enough mate
review/text: I actually quite liked this one.  I am a real horrror fan and found this break from the slasher mode to be enjoyable.  It's hard to describe: a bit Rosemary's Baby, Repulsion, It's Alive, maybe some Dracula ... really good though.  A slow pace here, so it's definitely not a thrill or jump per minute.  Nice direction and lighting.  Good pe
 idiot savant, rather than a highly intelligent man acting a fool to disarm his opponents.  Amy is sometimes so stupid I want to strangle her.  The episodes themselves have lost something that I find hard to describe, but that was, it seemed to me, and integral part of what made Doctor Who what it was.  While it is interesting and fun to see ties between episodes now and then, this season is nothing but ties back
review/text: It's hard to describe just how profound an experience this documentary was for me.<br /><br />It gave me a deep and lasting apprecation not only for our National Parks but for the men and women who created and preserved t
review/text: Cloverfield is so unique it's so hard to describe.  It is mainly an action movie, but its artistic because it's filmed like the "Blair Witch" in first person camcorder-style.  Mix in a bit of a Godzilla movie with some demonology ie, Cthulu, from H.
review/text: This French film (with subtitles) of a play of the 19th century is excellent. It's hard to describe other than it's about love, integrity, courage, not being a "yesman"  in opposition to the trickery, murder and bad luck (tragedy) of this fallen world. If one doesn't have courage, the other virtues
 /><br />This is Nimoy's motion picture directorial debut, and he performs solidly enough, though there are a few moments here and there where it simply feels like there's something ... missing. It's hard to describe.<br /><br />That's not to say it isn't worth a watch. If you plan on seeing Star Treks II and IV, this is a must see. But there are also some scenes that are just superbly done. The scene breaking Mc
review/text: It's is hard to describe this film in words!!! Everything about this film is amazing, stylish, and plainly eye candy with each action scene eclipsing the last. This film is based on the comic book series called "Sin City", a
review/text: Imagine a Kurosawa film with hip-hop attitude (thanks in part to the absolutely fantastic soundtrack by RZA).  I found it hard to describe for friends in terms of genres; it moves far too slow for an action movie, too much violence and death for a character study; further confused by infrequent touches of comic genius;  it comes off on 
ves nearby with his wife Susanne (Ursula Strauss).<br /><br />It's hard to give an accurate description of what this film is about without mentioning the latter half of the film. With that said, it's hard to describe the latter half of the film without spoiling the first half but I've done my best above. To tread carefully again, Revanche is a "crime-thriller" with two characters experiencing different kinds of g
rprising stars like Tom Cruise and Julianne Moore wouldn't hesitate to work in this movie.  All of the characters were so well realized, that there wasn't a single storyline that left me bored.  It's hard to describe Anderson's genius in words, but all it takes is one look at his work to see it.  Look at this, Boogie Nights and Punch Drunk Love in particular for a unique movie making style.  I wish he'd churn out
 mission--about half the time he has left--not to say that when duty calls-real men don't answer--but this is absurd--it't the end of the world--and he's taking off from his wife and child.<br />It's hard to describe just how boring this movie is--about the only excitement is finding out a coke bottle is tapping out morse code<br />Gregory Peck and Anthony Perkins are among my favorite actors--but even they can't
nd care about him. Orlando Bloom was perfect as the wimpy and arrogant Paris that you loved to hate. But the showstopper performance would have to go to Eric Bana in his flawless role as Hector. It's hard to describe, you just have to see it.<br /><br />The best scene of the entire movie is the showdown between Achilles and Hector because Peterson directed it in a such a way that the tension is palpable. Also the
vie from the first time I saw bits of it in the mid-seventies upon waking up mid-movie while it played on the late late show! For the longest time I didn't know what the movie was called and found it hard to describe it to people when I would try to find an answer. It was such and is still quite the twisted movie! This movie has committed to celluloid a very playful take on the Vampire saga. I wouldn't want to gi
review/text: The Blue Man Group have a wonderful way of blending their own excellent style of music with saterical comedy and fabulous video effects.<br /><br />Their style of music is hard to describe but if I HAD to try, I would say it is rock & roll based, strong synthesizer influence (but they don't use synthesizers - they use PVC pipe the most) with LOTS of percussion, in addition to the usual
character. In his early life, he's dumb but not that dumb. But through parts of his later life (like the 60's) he's suddenly smart and aware of things, especially after meeting Elvis. Cox is somewhat hard to describe but he's mostly simple and kind, often trying to do the right things for his family and make music, as he loves to do, but often gets caught up in "the Temptations." I guess I'm saying that his chara
them - the reason is much more banal and it sets up a shoot-it-out, chase-em-down final scene. References to Point Break, every western you have ever watched, and even Matrix movies.<br /><br />It is hard to describe this movie except to say this is as unique as Guy Ritchies Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels is - but in different ways. This is a laugh from start to finish. I will never be able to drinnk decaffi
them - the reason is much more banal and it sets up a shoot-it-out, chase-em-down final scene. References to Point Break, every western you have ever watched, and even Matrix movies.<br /><br />It is hard to describe this movie except to say this is as unique as Guy Ritchies Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels is - but in different ways. This is a laugh from start to finish. I will never be able to drinnk decaffi
them - the reason is much more banal and it sets up a shoot-it-out, chase-em-down final scene. References to Point Break, every western you have ever watched, and even Matrix movies.<br /><br />It is hard to describe this movie except to say this is as unique as Guy Ritchies Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels is - but in different ways. This is a laugh from start to finish. I will never be able to drinnk decaffi
review/text: What is life like in a not too distant future? What we think is good today, can be barbaric tomorrow. It's hard to describe what this movie is about without giving the answer. You better see it to believe it.
 Raimi drives everything with his unique direction that places the action somewhere between a horror and a cartoon. It has great camera work, frantic shots and a real flair for the unreal; it is very hard to describe but it can be seen it many of his films.<br /><br />Campbell's ongoing cult status has only been helped recently by Bubba Ho-tep but this is where it basically began and part II only sees his continu
). And this movie certainly sells the same heaping spoonful that everyone has to have someone, even if they settle. I'll give a brief bio of the characters as part of my review as the movie itself is hard to describe otherwise.<br /><br />Ginnifer Goodwin (Gigi) who we know from Big Love, is a delightful person you just want to layer in bubble wrap in hopes to keep her hopeless puppy heart from being broken. She 
 who wants to be lovable, but whose seriously twisted family background makes that impossible.<p>Angela Lansbury steals this movie, however, as the ultimate &quot;mother-from-hell&quot;<p>The plot is hard to describe in brief, but it involves Harvey, a Communist conspiracy and Harvey's red-baiting inebriate of a stepfather, played by James Gregory with a not-subtle resemblance to Joe McCarthy.<p>This film works b
of architecture to the human body..<br />The strange thought provoking nature of this film combined with the striking visuals make it all very satisfying - and at the same time a puzzle which is very hard to describe... It certainly has made me curious to check out more of greenaway's films...
review/text: I had never heard of this movie, nor Viggo Mortensen, when I first caught this on TV. It is now one of my most favorite films of all time. It's hard to describe why I love it so much and certainly the fact that I grew up in the 60's is part of its appeal. This is such a lovely little movie. Definitely a 4 hanky. And if you thought you liked Viggo in LOTR, he
is only the first in a series of unexpected twists and discoveries leading to a graphically violent climax. Movie villian Stephen Dorff gives a brutal turn as the boss who hires the duo. This film is hard to describe because it's not just a crime story.  The storytelling is fresh and engaging. There is as much sensuality as their is violence in the film. If you are a fan of offbeat artsy crime adventures like The
n 1080p High Definition, we get a 7.1 DTS-HD Master Audio lossless soundtrack which sounds incredible!  Just the fact that the film looks and sounds better is significant.  The colors just pop!  It's hard to describe of how awesome this film looks on Blu-ray compared to previous video releases.  In the past, there was always this dreamy, hazy look to the film.  Though it was colorful, I have always thought that w
review/text: Wow, it is really hard to describe how utterly pathetic this movie is on every possible level.  I bought this movie due to a couple good reviews and by thinking to myself, how could a movie about a monster man killer in a monster truc
review/text: movies like this are really hard to describe.<br />people get 'rubbed out&quot; and you love it. two of<br />my favorite actors-gabriel byrne and jeff goldblum-<br />do a geat job but the kudos have to go to the<br />writer and director of the 
review/text: This movie is really hard to describe. First of all, Michael Caine did a  fine job but his performance didn't strike me as oscar caliber. Secondly,  the movie seemed a bit to preachy about the pros and cons of abortion.  Third, the sex s
d I came about the SILVERLAKE LIFE THE VIEW FROM HERE DVD. I've never heard of this film, but it was listed in another Amazon customer's review so that brought me here.<br /><br />This documentary is hard to describe with words. It makes you feel so many emotions from sadness to anger to joy to hopefulness to despair. It hits you like a brick and EVERY gay man should see it to get a better understanding of how HI
vie from the first time I saw bits of it in the mid-seventies upon waking up mid-movie while it played on the late late show! For the longest time I didn't know what the movie was called and found it hard to describe it to people when I would try to find an answer. It was such and is still quite the twisted movie! This movie has committed to celluloid a very playful take on the Vampire saga. I wouldn't want to gi
review/text: I watched this movie on a plane flight from Chicago to Portland. All in all I'd rather have slept. This film is hard to describe, because it intentionally tries (very hard) to be clever and quirky. The writer seems to have a headware fetish as people wearing hats of every conceivable kind seems to be a major objective of the f
is brilliant in his triple role as the U.S. President, Dr. Strangelove, and Mandrake. George C. Scott also tops the cake in his over-the-top caricature of the Pattonesque General Buck Turgidson. It's hard to describe all of the nuances of this film on such a short review: you have to see it for yourself. Although the film will certainly have more of an impact on those who are old enough to remember the Cold War a
r. This is not toilet humor. This is dark political humor that's incredibly ironic and satirical. There are so many classic scenes ("Be careful, Mr. President. I think he's drunk."), that it's simply hard to describe all of them in just one review. Straight to the point, this is one of Stanley Kubrick's greatest films, and one of the greatest comedies of all time. It has a great ensemble of actors (Sellers, Scott
review/text: This is one of the most beautifully photographed movies ever.  It has a moody, atmospheric quality that is hard to describe; almost dreamlike in places. The storyline is fairly straightforward at first, but then becomes convoluted as the movie increasingly digresses into tangential areas including a fair amount of Weird A
is ultimately unsuitable for children.  This production is a beautiful "old school" hand-drawn animation with a warm storybook-style narration. There is a memorable and endearing quality here that is hard to describe but easy to recognize. I hope you cherish this story the way I have. If you've been on a quest for this title in this form like I was, rest assured, this here is the version you want.<br /><br />Goin
had never seen before.  Often the focus was on objects in the room or parts of actor's bodies or faces during dialog. These altered perspectives cause the viewer to hear the words more clearly. It is hard to describe the relationship that develops between the two men except to say it is the ultimate pissing contest.  It is a relatively short film that packs a big punch.  Check it out.
 and goes to see him, pretending like she's utterly happy with her new guy and her new life. But that passion between them is still there.<br /><br />There's lots of little bits to this movie so it's hard to describe in such a short space. Does everything work out? Well, sort of. I suppose it does, but I guess it really depends on how you look at. The ending is so sappy that I could've sworn someone just dumped h
wn beat. A bad, bad movie, really bad.  Here are some things that are not funny; heart attacks, divorce, manipulative bosses, losing years of your life, the grim reaper. It just goes on and on. It is hard to describe how poor and predictable this movie is. It does not do justice to Sandler's mediocre talent and abuses the greater talents of the actual actors in this movie. Again this is a bad movie with no redeem
g else. It's funny, it's tragic, it's bizzare, it's a hundred things all that once and balances all the elements successfully. It's a film that has to be seen, its effect is visceral and poetic, very hard to describe in traditional 'movie' terms.<p>This film defines the &quot;New Wave&quot; aesthetic, which to this day, some forty years later provides a standard for Quentin Tarantino types to strive for. Films li
 than that? The characters are also people you actually care about. Kurt Russell and Spader do an excellent job in the film. Overall, this film is another that to be seen to be believed. It really is hard to describe and has to be seen!
 with a control freak-esque local girl in a run-down flat in a northeastern college town, wouldn't it have been great if I'd lived with a bunch of cool people in Spain? Oh, well.<br /><br />I find it hard to describe what this movie is about, so I'll leave it to others who have no doubt done a fine job of detailing its quirky, thin-yet-rich plot. To say it depicts the inner landscape of a young Frenchman's evolvi
review/text: American History X is very hard to describe into words, for me at least. A white man goes to prison after killing a black man that was trying to steal his fathers car. One catch: the man is part of the local skinhead movement. He's the youth l
 If you like seing graphic depictions of arms and legs being broken, then check this out. For all the tai chi style of martial arts I would've expected a hong kong star in the lead role instead.  Its hard to describe the way this production is other than to say it's the type that you'd see direct to video or premium channel. The production is great for what their budget was no doubt.  I still felt like I was shor
review/text: American History X is very hard to describe into words, for me at least. A white man goes to prison after killing a black man that was trying to steal his fathers car. One catch: the man is part of the local skinhead movement. He's the youth l
since it came out too close to the Columbine shootings. (Honestly which was ridiculous.)<p>Moving on, my review of the movie of course is as biased as the rest. I loved it from beginning to end. It's hard to describe (in a worthwhile way) unless you see it yourself. The plot was told to me by a cousin and I really didn't want to watch it, but not even half the way through the movie I was in love with it, and boug
ewer is accustomed to it, it ends up adding to the surreal and mysterious atmosphere.  I really don't think the movie would have had as strong an effect if it had been in colour.<p>In any case, it is hard to describe how perfect this movie was, how well the plot fit together, that amazing feeling I got while watching it as everything began to fit into place... Just go see it!
o everyone, which to me is part of it's appeal.  The Dude, Walter, etc. are all unique and interesting characters in their own funny ways.  Every line seems funnier the more you watch the film.  It's hard to describe, but I recommend everyone see it and you'll either love it or not get it.  But I'm betting most will love it.
/><br />The first thing that people will notice about this film is it's eye-popping visuals. Anyone who has had the pleasure of seeing Mamoru Oshii's film Avalon will be familiar with the style. It's hard to describe exactly, but you'll know it when you see it. Everything has a soft focus, and a noir-ish black and a cool retro, almost black-and-white-but-not-quite tint. Some will say this is to cover up the CGI a
review/text: SMILEY'S PEOPLE continues the series begun in SOLDIER, SAILOR, TINKER, SPY, so do your self a favor and buy them both.  It's hard to describe the plot of this series without giving away clues from the prior series, but suffice it to say, in SP George Smiley continues his "cleanup" of operations at the Circus.<br /><br />Several of the acto
review/text: SMILEY'S PEOPLE continues the series begun in SOLDIER, SAILOR, TINKER, SPY, so do your self a favor and buy them both.  It's hard to describe the plot of this series without giving away clues from the prior series, but suffice it to say, in SP George Smiley continues his "cleanup" of operations at the Circus.<br /><br />Several of the acto
review/text: It's hard to describe to people who are either under the age of 28 or over the age of 38 why this movie is one of the best ever made.  This movie is more dear to me and truly describes my childhood more than any other 80'
review/text: Ah....um........errr.......yeah, well, hard to describe this as it was just so off the normal zombie map.  Picked it up at WallyWorld ( you know who I mean) for $9.95 and figured, if it bites, literally, I'm only out a little.  Low budget but filmed well,
so take a look at this. The opening starts out with a pretty good and mysterious song, along with beautifully animated sequences. What I like best is how they end each episode, thought it's extremely hard to describe because you have to see it for yourself to believe me. Near the end, the ending song starts blending in, and then you get these sudden shifts of views which basically makes me want to watch the next 
review/text: This is a really neat DVD.  You could even call it an "experience".  It is hard to describe, but it is very pleasant and so relaxing. I was pretty surprised how I felt when I tried it - much better than the audio tapes I have been using. I really love the images because they are so colorful
review/text: This is one of my favorite movies by Mr. Campbell. It is very similar to quite a few SiFi/Horror flicks of the early and mid sixties. It is hard to describe the fun parts of this movie without going into details and giving some of the good bits away. It is funny only in that special way Mr. Campbell has of making something dark laughable. If you are a fa
 boasts incredible animation, atmosphere and creativity. Ghost in a shell also has a very crisp and clear sound track and digital effects. <p>GS is quite an interesting movie, which is actually quite hard to describe plotwise without going two pages long :)<br />Its basically the matrix of anime, which has probably been said enough times to be a cliche.<br />Anyhow, be sure to catch this one, it'll be worth youre
review/text: What is life like in a not too distant future? What we think is good today, can be barbaric tomorrow. It's hard to describe what this movie is about without giving the answer. You better see it to believe it.
were some great fight scenes, which Matt Damon was quite good in.  The plot was superb with very little/to no holes in it.  It was both intriguing and suspenseful and had and ambiance about it that's hard to describe.  The superb cinematography was partially responsible for this but what I think added to the feel and really brought this movie to life was the musical score!  It did everything a good score does.  I
is brilliant in his triple role as the U.S. President, Dr. Strangelove, and Mandrake. George C. Scott also tops the cake in his over-the-top caricature of the Pattonesque General Buck Turgidson. It's hard to describe all of the nuances of this film on such a short review: you have to see it for yourself. Although the film will certainly have more of an impact on those who are old enough to remember the Cold War a
r. This is not toilet humor. This is dark political humor that's incredibly ironic and satirical. There are so many classic scenes ("Be careful, Mr. President. I think he's drunk."), that it's simply hard to describe all of them in just one review. Straight to the point, this is one of Stanley Kubrick's greatest films, and one of the greatest comedies of all time. It has a great ensemble of actors (Sellers, Scott
6'8&quot; since he had to look up to him. Jimmy Stewart's subtle, thoughtful performance gives a surreal quality to a film that feels mostly like a well done stage play, but has an edge to it that is hard to describe and should be experienced by any movie lover or person interested in thinking about life, familiy, and one's view of reality. A must for the DVD collection.
 bit of 21st century media magic! There is a whole new animated opening for the Green Hornet, and when the movie moves from one scene to the next, it takes on a comic book 'green' quality to it! It's hard to describe...but it's cool!
 and goes to see him, pretending like she's utterly happy with her new guy and her new life. But that passion between them is still there.<br /><br />There's lots of little bits to this movie so it's hard to describe in such a short space. Does everything work out? Well, sort of. I suppose it does, but I guess it really depends on how you look at. The ending is so sappy that I could've sworn someone just dumped h
review/text: A fairly simple, although hard to describe-in-a-way-that-will-make-others-see-it plot.  It's kind of like a cross between an Animal Planet special and Alice In Wonderland.  Not an emotioanl powerhouse or an intellectual's treasure trove, but 
ew/text: Yellowbeard is memorable largely for being Marty Feldman's last movie.  He died of a heart attack induced by shellfish poisoning in Mexico City while filming it.  The film itself is a little hard to describe - think "Treasure Island" crossed with "Wizard of Oz" while tripping on especially bad 'shrooms.  The comedy is awesome right up until the last 10 minutes when the writers started to sober up and hav
review/text: It's hard to describe the feelings this picture inspires. James Fenimore Cooper's book was one classic I read a couple of times when I was a teenager. The archaic English and the possible improbability of the story never 
review/text: I find it a little hard to describe why I like I, Robot so much. I feel drawn to the movie again and again. In a certain fashion, this is typical of the work of Alex Proyas, the director of I, Robot. Alex Proyas is probably best known 
review/text: This film frightened me as a kid, when I first saw it on television, and the images stayed with me for a lifetime. There is a metaphor for pure evil in this film, although I find it hard to describe.<br /><br />The "bad alien" did not have to blast his ray gun at the woman in the swimming pool as she tried to get help. Skeletons don't swim, or float. They quietly sink to the bottom. Brrrrrrrrr!!
t comedy ever". (Yes, there are scenes that u normaly lough at, but u just cant!!!)<br />But this movie is far beyond the sickest, most horifiying and dsturbng movie ever. It is just something that hard to describe!<p>"Funny Games" of Michael Haneke is like "Happy Days" and "Reservoir Dogs" of Tarantino is like "Snow White" when compaired to Salo!!!<p>Technically directing and acting is superior. But there is m
nly dog I have had that dug her way back into my yard after inadvertantly getting locked out by an unsuspecting family member, so when you see this movie, you will see a story of an an animal that is hard to describe as just a dog. Her mannerisms are far separated from any other breed of dog I have have the good fortune to witness.<br /><br /> A story of an animal that devotes itself in a way that is uncommon, an
m starts with a gruesome murder, but quickly chops to clever cutting and pasting of a variety of scenes of black comedy, downright hilarity and impartial violence. I won't spoil the plot, but it's so hard to describe I think that'd be difficult anyway. This film doesn't have a twist in it's plot, rather the entire film is constructed of spins and contradictions that keep you guessing two paces behind the screenpl
review/text: This film is uniquely beautiful, especially in high definition.  Its hard to describe it justly, but its almost a visual meditation - no narration or dialog, just a stream of consciousness showing scenes of nature and of mankind, both striking and beautiful.  Its quite a visual feast 
erwards that you truly experienced a global tour.<p>Baraka begins at a rather cautious pace, and as each scene passes by your vision, the intensity and depth slowly but steadily increases. It's a bit hard to describe, but I feel in a way that it causes the viewer to look inward at his/her own view of what the world is about and what life means. In a way, it compells you to ask yourself some deep questions. Make s
 acquire a Blu-ray player.". Most reviews before this date 10-30-08 are most likely for the DVD version. I have a 47 inch LG LCD 1080p tv and a brand new Panasonic DMP-DB35 Blu-ray disk player. It is hard to describe how good this movie looks on my TV. The movie has no dialog and is a series of scenes from around the world set to music. There is no computer animation in this movie but the movie was recorded on 65
review/text: It's hard to describe this movie - campy, yes, strange, definitely unsettling.  But it's the John Massari score that stands out for me.  I'm pleased to see that the soundtrack for Killer Klowns is now available.  It's wor
ath of least resistance, and he bigamously marries Maude! The situation turns into a comedy of errors as Rob tries to balance two marriages, and inevitable it all comes crashing down.<br /><br />It's hard to describe this movie. On one hand it is a very funny movie, one that keeps you laughing almost all the way through. On the other hand, it is not really disrespectful of the subject of bigamy. You know Rob is g
as so happy to find a region 1 box set. I hadn't looked for some time because they just didn't exist. I saw the series not long after it came out, but that was 5 years ago I think.<br /><br />It's so hard to describe. Yeah, it's a cop show. But that's like saying Doctor Who is just a kids' show. LoM has a little sci-fi, fantasy, mythology and Twilight Zone-confusion thrown into the mix. It's so refreshingly innov
n 1080p High Definition, we get a 7.1 DTS-HD Master Audio lossless soundtrack which sounds incredible!  Just the fact that the film looks and sounds better is significant.  The colors just pop!  It's hard to describe of how awesome this film looks on Blu-ray compared to previous video releases.  In the past, there was always this dreamy, hazy look to the film.  Though it was colorful, I have always thought that w
ent colors that are not bold and bright, Although most animated films of today feature bright and bold colors, which look fantastic, this looked good, too, because of the richness of the colors. It's hard to describe; you have to see it. It just looks different, but very pleasing to my eyes.<br /><br />Overall, the story was only so-so and sometimes lagged in the first half of it, but I get the feeling this DVD w
rth&quot; garnered an unprecedented eight nominations for the Golden Raspberry Awards (the &quot;razzies&quot;).  Having sat through it myself, I can tell you, it is not hard to see why.  It's really hard to describe how incredibly abyssmal &quot;Battlefield Earth&quot; is.  It's a derivative, sloppy, shoddy, implausible nightmare of a film, a train wreck, a riot of bad acting from people who know better.  It's t
 on a stunningly bad performance that's pure comedy gold. He looks like the alien from the Predator films, and he seems to have a bad accent that sounds both American and British simultaneously (It's hard to describe, but you gotta hear it). Oh Forest Whitaker, what are you doing here? You also put on a bad performance, but sadly it's not comical like John Travolta's. For the most part, Barry Pepper is the only p
, starring Jake Gyllenhaal, Jamie Foxx, and Peter Sarsgaard, concerns a Marine Corps unit preparing to be deployed during the first Persian Gulf war in 1991. This movie fails on so many points, it is hard to describe where to begin. The script and story are inconsistent, murky, and unoriginal, with most of Jarhead's theme taken from earlier psychotic military epics such as Apocalypse Now and Full Metal Jacket. Th
review/text: This film is uniquely beautiful, especially in high definition.  Its hard to describe it justly, but its almost a visual meditation - no narration or dialog, just a stream of consciousness showing scenes of nature and of mankind, both striking and beautiful.  Its quite a visual feast 
erwards that you truly experienced a global tour.<p>Baraka begins at a rather cautious pace, and as each scene passes by your vision, the intensity and depth slowly but steadily increases. It's a bit hard to describe, but I feel in a way that it causes the viewer to look inward at his/her own view of what the world is about and what life means. In a way, it compells you to ask yourself some deep questions. Make s
 acquire a Blu-ray player.". Most reviews before this date 10-30-08 are most likely for the DVD version. I have a 47 inch LG LCD 1080p tv and a brand new Panasonic DMP-DB35 Blu-ray disk player. It is hard to describe how good this movie looks on my TV. The movie has no dialog and is a series of scenes from around the world set to music. There is no computer animation in this movie but the movie was recorded on 65
s enjoyed futuristic Sci-Fi - Do not really remember if it appeared in comic form.<br /><br />Have yet to look at disc 2 -- have thoroughly enjoyed the actors concept of their characters - it is very hard to describe the feelings invocked upon seeing that ugly old Alien Queen - the nasty Company that wanted the Alien alive - no matter who has to die in the meantime.<br /><br />Oh Yeah! those guys were in for the 
 It finally hit me one night at blockbuster what I had been neglecting throughout my teenage years, rented Alien and brought it back to my dorm to the delight of my college buddies.<br /><br />  It's hard to describe the terror and tension Ridley Scott creates in this film.  The facehugger and chestburster scenes are truly the stuff nightmares are made of, the kinds of things that make you wake up yelling and swe
s movie is so terrible... and I mean SO terrible, that you absolutely must see it. But if you see it, you must see it with a large group of people. The movie is so bad in so many ways that it will be hard to describe them, but I can try.<br /><br />The movie starts off with the most wild concept you can possibly imagine, or rather, the most wild concept that a 4th grader can possibly imagine, then sets it on the 
o everyone, which to me is part of it's appeal.  The Dude, Walter, etc. are all unique and interesting characters in their own funny ways.  Every line seems funnier the more you watch the film.  It's hard to describe, but I recommend everyone see it and you'll either love it or not get it.  But I'm betting most will love it.
review/text: Part drama, part horror, part satire, and part fable.... NO SUCH THING is a movie that is hard to describe but that is engaging to watch. The Monster (played by Robert John Burke) is a tragically moving and thought provoking character and is well balanced by the naively innocent Beatrice (Sarah Polley). T
review/text: That's the only way to describe this hard to describe film.  Pitt is good, but not great.  Forlani is a welcome site.  Anthony Hopkins deserves the kudos.<p>I saw this film not knowing what to expect.  I wasn't  disappointed.  Pitt's sudden demise early
review/text: It is very hard to describe this film in any common terms.<p>This is not simply an ultra-fab rock n' roll romp nor is it a dry piece of youthful corruption and ambiguous art-nouveau. <p>Hedwig is a wildly fun and smirkingly cyn
review/text: If you, like me, have always admired photos of Ms. Brooks but never took the time to watch one of her films you're in for QUITE an experience.<br /><br />She has a screen presence that's hard to describe. Aside from her obvious beauty she transmits something in her eyes that jumps across three quarters of a century and confronts you as a woman of contemporary society. Very little of the usual silent 
review/text: I find it a little hard to describe why I like I, Robot so much. I feel drawn to the movie again and again. In a certain fashion, this is typical of the work of Alex Proyas, the director of I, Robot. Alex Proyas is probably best known 
e, and of course the seduction - wonderful scenes, even if taken in isolation. Bowie and Deneuve, promising "forever," put an additional chill into the first scene of his coffin.<br /><br />I find it hard to describe this movie - the action is subdued but meaningful. The visual styling has subtlety, something I appreciate more after seeing other movies that lack it.<br /><br />I like this one. I have trouble sayi
review/text: Cloverfield is so unique it's so hard to describe.  It is mainly an action movie, but its artistic because it's filmed like the "Blair Witch" in first person camcorder-style.  Mix in a bit of a Godzilla movie with some demonology ie, Cthulu, from H.
review/text: It's is hard to describe this film in words!!! Everything about this film is amazing, stylish, and plainly eye candy with each action scene eclipsing the last. This film is based on the comic book series called "Sin City", a
review/text: This French film (with subtitles) of a play of the 19th century is excellent. It's hard to describe other than it's about love, integrity, courage, not being a "yesman"  in opposition to the trickery, murder and bad luck (tragedy) of this fallen world. If one doesn't have courage, the other virtues
on. This is absolutely awesome! These guys play with incredible fluidity. Watching them work together and create those beautiful atmospheres and furious burning tempos with complex time signatures is hard to describe! But few do it better than the CC's Electric Band. These guys are the best of the best. This is top-notch all the way! Very, very recommended.
review/text: I find it a little hard to describe why I like I, Robot so much. I feel drawn to the movie again and again. In a certain fashion, this is typical of the work of Alex Proyas, the director of I, Robot. Alex Proyas is probably best known 
o say much more as it may give too much away.<br /><br />Overall, a great movie.  I would have loved to have seen more Alec baldwin, but his character is very memorable in the movie.<br /><br />It is hard to describe, the movie was good but watched very much so like a play (which makes sense because it was based off of a play).<br /><br />I would say if you are into drama and liked Wall Street (the movie is about
e fairy leads her, turning into a green goblin creature, which speaks like Tinkerbell. She meets Fauno inside, who's hiding from the rest of the world, and is a mix of so many different animals, it's hard to describe. She then discovers she's actually a princess, and the princess's soul has been brought back through her. But she has to complete three challenges, in order to see if she belongs with the mortals or 
review/text: 'August Rush' is, as best, hard to describe. It's not a musical, but it's a movie about music, where music forms the emotional backbone of the story. It's not a fantasy, but the story it tells has elements that can only be described as fantast
review/text: I would rate this a 5, but just because it made me cry a little it is hard to do so. I like that this is geared for adults. It is a good mix between serious and funny. It is very hard to describe this movie, so I suggest to just watch it.
o say much more as it may give too much away.<br /><br />Overall, a great movie.  I would have loved to have seen more Alec baldwin, but his character is very memorable in the movie.<br /><br />It is hard to describe, the movie was good but watched very much so like a play (which makes sense because it was based off of a play).<br /><br />I would say if you are into drama and liked Wall Street (the movie is about
/>The cinematography is some of the most interesting ever.  Studying it could be the sole focus of an entire graduate film program, and they still not might be able to cover it in its entirety.  It's hard to describe the power of scenes like after Hoffman reveals to his girlfriend that her mother was the woman he was with.  As he walks away defeated, the camera pans out and the look in Mrs. Robinson's eyes says s
review/text: 'August Rush' is, as best, hard to describe. It's not a musical, but it's a movie about music, where music forms the emotional backbone of the story. It's not a fantasy, but the story it tells has elements that can only be described as fantast
 than that? The characters are also people you actually care about. Kurt Russell and Spader do an excellent job in the film. Overall, this film is another that to be seen to be believed. It really is hard to describe and has to be seen!
t movies you have ever seen. If you work in an office enviroment, or work in the IT sector this movie is the best. You'll particularly like the gangland beating of the office printer. <p>The story is hard to describe, but if I had to I would say that it's the story of a man on his quest to do nothing... absolutely nothing. <p>I recommend this movie if you are between 14 and 50. A little younger could watch it but
so take a look at this. The opening starts out with a pretty good and mysterious song, along with beautifully animated sequences. What I like best is how they end each episode, thought it's extremely hard to describe because you have to see it for yourself to believe me. Near the end, the ending song starts blending in, and then you get these sudden shifts of views which basically makes me want to watch the next 
, interesting and endearing than the initial impression gives.<br />Even the side characters like Tony the bodyguard come off as being very plausible, likable and multi-faceted.<br /><br />Fantastic, hard to describe experience.
ction thriller presents a different kind of movie; one that actually feels a bit different. Michael Mann this time brings a unique camera work that mixes documentary style with digital...it's kind of hard to describe, but it works, it gives the film a sort of "independent" filmmaking look. Unfortunately Mann would use this exact same technique on "Miami Vice" in which it looks atrocious.<br /><br />Collateral beg
had never seen before.  Often the focus was on objects in the room or parts of actor's bodies or faces during dialog. These altered perspectives cause the viewer to hear the words more clearly. It is hard to describe the relationship that develops between the two men except to say it is the ultimate pissing contest.  It is a relatively short film that packs a big punch.  Check it out.
in Christmas town. He was looking at everything with wonder, the snow, the elves, presents, and even Santa Clause. Later he comes back to Halloween Town to tell everyone about what he saw. But it was hard to describe.  After many expirements with Christmas he decides he wants to kidnapp Santa clause and become Santa himself. He changes his image and brings Christmas to Halloween.<br /><br />This is a great film. 
). And this movie certainly sells the same heaping spoonful that everyone has to have someone, even if they settle. I'll give a brief bio of the characters as part of my review as the movie itself is hard to describe otherwise.<br /><br />Ginnifer Goodwin (Gigi) who we know from Big Love, is a delightful person you just want to layer in bubble wrap in hopes to keep her hopeless puppy heart from being broken. She 
e; this is NOT a science fiction movie at heart, but an intense and accurate look at humanity.<br /><br />So accurate, really, that it makes me feel like a new person  after every time I see it; it's hard to describe, but it's as if for a brief period of time, I see everything in the world clearly and know exactly where my role is.<br /><br />Everything in this movie actually DOES make sense. I've watched it thre
gs in the world must balance.  Bruce Willis and Samuel L. Jackson both gave stellar performances in the primary roles.  I find myself at a loss for words (which happens infrequently) ... this film is hard to describe without giving away too much of the plot.  Willis portrays a man who can't be injured ... Jackson, a man who is very easily hurt physically.  The film has some childhood flashback scenes for both cha
so take a look at this. The opening starts out with a pretty good and mysterious song, along with beautifully animated sequences. What I like best is how they end each episode, thought it's extremely hard to describe because you have to see it for yourself to believe me. Near the end, the ending song starts blending in, and then you get these sudden shifts of views which basically makes me want to watch the next 
review/text: This movie is hard to describe because even though I can point out several characteristics, friendship for one, it isn't about friendship. It also explores the divides that form from religious differences, but it isn't about that.
 than that? The characters are also people you actually care about. Kurt Russell and Spader do an excellent job in the film. Overall, this film is another that to be seen to be believed. It really is hard to describe and has to be seen!
ft out in the cold and each has a reason for being the way they are. The animation is some of the best I've seen, the music is wonderful and the story worth listening. This series is so good that its hard to describe just how good it is. Simply if your wondering about buying this series or not if you want heart stopping action or ground shattering mysteries or ultra pervfest then keep going. If you are looking fo
ever do to anyone to deserve that?<br /><br />If you thought "Howard the Duck" was the worst anthropomorphic animal and human movie ever made, think again. This one is a unique brand of awful that is hard to describe. It would, however, be an excellent gift for someone who believes they can withstand any bad movie. Just make sure you don't make the mistake of offering to watch it with them. Plan to be in another 
nything but nice people.<br /><br />If you can enjoy a good character-development story and not get too dismayed by a depressing scene or two this movie will reward you with some intangibles that are hard to describe unless you've seen this.<br /><br />Jack Nicholson, David Morse, Angelica Huston and Robin Wright make for an interesting foursome, I'll say that.<br /><br />If you don't like this movie, I would und
 />As I got deeper into the film, I realised just how riveted I was at the musical score.  What a tremendous soundtrack!  The drawings, photos, camera sweeps and interviews come alive in a way that's hard to describe, when combined with the music.<br /><br />I was taken aback by the weight of emotion (mostly sadness) that the documentary was able to well up inside of me; there were so many incidents I was unaware
tter than Laputa (Castle in the Sky), Spirited Away, or even Mononoke. As amazingly imaginative and touching as those movies are, I found Nausicaa to be even moreso. It just moved me in a way that is hard to describe. Visualy, the film is just plain beautiful. Even by today's standards. The music, as someone else stated, is haunting. Miyazaki's wonderful inventiveness is at its greatest here; the unusual post-apo
review/text: This is one of the most beautifully photographed movies ever.  It has a moody, atmospheric quality that is hard to describe; almost dreamlike in places. The storyline is fairly straightforward at first, but then becomes convoluted as the movie increasingly digresses into tangential areas including a fair amount of Weird A
 and goes to see him, pretending like she's utterly happy with her new guy and her new life. But that passion between them is still there.<br /><br />There's lots of little bits to this movie so it's hard to describe in such a short space. Does everything work out? Well, sort of. I suppose it does, but I guess it really depends on how you look at. The ending is so sappy that I could've sworn someone just dumped h
tman is meant to be more hidden.  Dont let those opinions stop you from watching this true work of art.  The film also has some great action scenes and a good chemistry between the actors.  Its quite hard to describe how incredible the film is.  I cant see how the original can ever be said to be better than this.
ctacle crossed with _The Matrix_-style martial arts crossed with a truly frightening horror film. You're partway there. This was such a stylish, invigorating, over-the-top mix of genres. It really is hard to describe, but by all means, go and see it. It is perhaps the best movie I've seen since _The Matrix_, which I thought was an instant classic, and a movie I've watched over and over again, never tiring of. Thi
good time chewing the scenery and overacting to extreme levels.<br /><br />Of course, that also means that like other reviewers have noted, there are a few scenes that just fall flat.<br /><br />It's hard to describe this movie and in many ways harder to rate it.  Even in the extra about the movie the one director admits that four different men directed different segments, there were rewrites up to the last minut
 film doesn't go the way you'd expect with a psychopathic or possessed child. Writer/director Paul Solet is a little more inventive, yet it's his script that is one of the film's weakest points. It's hard to describe what the problem is exactly, as Grace moves at a slow pace yet the film sort of jumps right into the story and begins piling on the twists. It's strange but it doesn't feel like Solet had enough mate
review/text: I actually quite liked this one.  I am a real horrror fan and found this break from the slasher mode to be enjoyable.  It's hard to describe: a bit Rosemary's Baby, Repulsion, It's Alive, maybe some Dracula ... really good though.  A slow pace here, so it's definitely not a thrill or jump per minute.  Nice direction and lighting.  Good pe
In several cases the choice to put in a scene jolted you out of the flow of the story.<br />-Overall, there was a feeling to the film that didn't sit right with me and those watching it with me. It's hard to describe. It's like you wished you had never watched the movie and never, ever want to watch it again. But it's more than that. It leaves a bad feeling with you for awhile. Thankfully, God isn't a God who wan
review/text: When I first saw Adaptation I thought it was pretty decent. Now I think it's one of the coolest movies ever. It's hard to describe what it's about, except to say that it is the story of a screenwriter trying to adapt a book about an orchid hunter, and eventually writing a script about not being able to write the screenplay about
 with knees bent, for some light stomach crunches. Pulses are added later to the stomach crunches. Next the knees come if for contract and lift exercises. There is another one after that one which is hard to describe. Cindy next does the right elbow to left knee and the left elbow to right knee exercise. She finishes with corpse stretch.<br /><br />Power Stretch<br /><br />A towel is needed for this exercise. Don
 with knees bent, for some light stomach crunches. Pulses are added later to the stomach crunches. Next the knees come if for contract and lift exercises. There is another one after that one which is hard to describe. Cindy next does the right elbow to left knee and the left elbow to right knee exercise. She finishes with corpse stretch.<br /><br />Power Stretch<br /><br />A towel is needed for this exercise. Don
ham), partners (but not the kind that "hold hands and take windy walks," as Turkish puts it) in running an illegal bare-knuckle boxing ring.<p>What follows is so fast-paced and intertwined that it is hard to describe it. [....] I loved this movie so much that I find it hard to keep it to a minimum when discussing it.  I haven't yet found a review that truly did it justice, and I'm sure I'm not doing much better. 
. It was different from the rest, which made it stand out. There was a decent creep-factor, enough to make me jump at times. The characters were not the gung-ho "paranormal researchers"; it's kind of hard to describe, but they were not as "showy" as in other movies. The plot was simple enough: Psychologist and team were called in to examine the situation happening to a widower and his children. Strange stuff star
6'8&quot; since he had to look up to him. Jimmy Stewart's subtle, thoughtful performance gives a surreal quality to a film that feels mostly like a well done stage play, but has an edge to it that is hard to describe and should be experienced by any movie lover or person interested in thinking about life, familiy, and one's view of reality. A must for the DVD collection.
review/text: It's very hard to describe such a movie, and there's no need of that either, but I can tell you this, if you haven't seen the movie, you must buy this DVD, why? well...the movie is great, Bj&ouml;rk and all the actors perform 
 loving commemoration includes lush music, fantastic singing, astute comedic performances, an entertaining narration, and plenty of supplementary visual material.  It is a stage show that is somewhat hard to describe as it seems both straightforward in presentation while structurally succeeding on a number of different levels.  This personal history is accessible and fun despite its serious moments, and Tilson Th
review/text: This movie is hard to describe.  It's so funny, it puts me in tears, but it's not a typical comedy like Office Space or Anchorman or Billy Madison or whatever.  I think what strikes me about this movie is that it is so real.  The 
 basically worships money and has no qualms dating teenagers; Idy, the promiscuous blond who is afraid to grow old alone; and finally Bree, the most unique character in the whole show; words would be hard to describe her.<br /><br />What I like about this TV series is that it grows on you. Unlike 90 and 120 minutes Hollywood movies, TV series allow you to really get to know the character. In some cases, you will 
s Character.  Lots of flash backs based that give context and depth to his current problem make for a really interesting story.  The movie is certainly a drama with lots of romance interwoven.  It is hard to describe the story without revealing much.  Much of the movie is him pitching, while flashing back to memories of his life with a girlfriend.<br /><br />One thing that I loved, but also kind bother me was Vin
review/text: Any Given Sunday (DVD) is a &quot;pro&quot; football film experience that is hard to describe in typed words. I have watched it many times and affirm that it really gets one &quot;ready for some football&quot;. The story is a collection of mini-stories, all woven into the tapestry of professi
nte and Tom  Tykwer, it is absolutely riveting.<p>For all these reasons and more, see  this movie.  I love this movie so much, and I've probably seen it well over  10 times, but at the same time it's hard to describe WHY I love it.  I've  tried to do that here, but I really can't.  You are just going to have to  see it to believe it.
review/text: I bought both of his DVDs and gave them away and had to buy another set for my library. It is hard to describe how funny Dunham and his characters are.
ever do to anyone to deserve that?<br /><br />If you thought "Howard the Duck" was the worst anthropomorphic animal and human movie ever made, think again. This one is a unique brand of awful that is hard to describe. It would, however, be an excellent gift for someone who believes they can withstand any bad movie. Just make sure you don't make the mistake of offering to watch it with them. Plan to be in another 
ir game.  The score will take you away to a different time.  The story will make you reminiscent and nostalgic of your own youth and your friendships.  This is a movie everyone should see.  Words are hard to describe its sweet pain of loss and life...MTS
ir game.  The score will take you away to a different time.  The story will make you reminiscent and nostalgic of your own youth and your friendships.  This is a movie everyone should see.  Words are hard to describe its sweet pain of loss and life...MTS
review/text: Barbara Cook is a phenomenon.  This DVD is so wonderful it is simply hard to describe.  Of course, her performance is first rate but what really makes this disc a cut above is the master class available in the bonus features.  How fascinating to get into the mind of a show business ge
review/text: Barbara Cook is a phenomenon.  This DVD is so wonderful it is simply hard to describe.  Of course, her performance is first rate but what really makes this disc a cut above is the master class available in the bonus features.  How fascinating to get into the mind of a show business ge
 passionate about him.  Speaking for myself, it is not because he started Pink Floyd, not because he was part of "swinging London," and not because I think doing acid is cool.  It really is something hard to describe but a bit of the Peter Pan thing.  Within Syd's best work is a very pure, sometimes innocent and other times mischievous, hearkening to childhood.  I'm not talking about the literal subject matter of
 need to read any further.<p>"DTF" is the movie version of "The Red Green Show," a CBC production shown only on PBS stations in the US (and on CBC, if your cable or satellite system carries it). It's hard to describe in a few words, other than to say it's about the "inadequacy" of the human male, while also conveying an implicit misogyny, in a Zoroastrian sort of way. Though "Home Improvement" starts from roughly
stopher Daniels Invitational Tournament" as he described it).  A majority of the time that you get any combination of Styles & Joe & Daniels in a match, your going to get a quality performance.  It's hard to describe their matches because words don't do it justice but it should be noted how A.J. showcased his strength that you normally don't see from him against by doing various moves like Lex Luger's "Torture Ra
review/text: This movie is really hard to describe. First of all, Michael Caine did a  fine job but his performance didn't strike me as oscar caliber. Secondly,  the movie seemed a bit to preachy about the pros and cons of abortion.  Third, the sex s
review/text: When I first saw Adaptation I thought it was pretty decent. Now I think it's one of the coolest movies ever. It's hard to describe what it's about, except to say that it is the story of a screenwriter trying to adapt a book about an orchid hunter, and eventually writing a script about not being able to write the screenplay about
review/text: I find it a little hard to describe why I like I, Robot so much. I feel drawn to the movie again and again. In a certain fashion, this is typical of the work of Alex Proyas, the director of I, Robot. Alex Proyas is probably best known 
